Many people today are spending more and more time traveling to work or school. Some people believe this is a negative development while others think there are benefits to spending a long time traveling to work or school. Discuss both views and give your opinion?

Nowadays, the amount of time that people spend commuting to work is increasing significantly. While some people think that this trend brings some benefits, I personally opine that this development is severely affecting both individuals and the environment.

On the one hand, long-haul travel could be beneficial for residents who cannot afford accommodation near their workplaces or schools in big cities. Undoubtedly, living expenses in metropolitan areas are often prohibitively expensive. It is, therefore, more economical for students and working adults with tight budgets to shuttle far distances. To be more specific, the average price of a rented apartment in Ho Chi Minh City is three million dongs. Obviously, they only pay about 350 thousand dongs for traveling costs per month, which is far more reasonable compared to living in the city centers. Therefore, despite longer commuting time, travelers can reap benefits from long-distance trips.

However, this trend of traveling negatively affects commuters' efficiency and substantially contributes to the deterioration of the environment. Firstly, people would have to wake up early in the morning to prepare and then travel an enormous distance to their destinations, costing them a great deal of energy. Additionally, more gas emissions which are the primary cause of air pollution, will be definitely released. To be more specific, according to the Environmental Protection Agency in the United States, a typical passenger vehicle emits about 4.6 metric tons of carbon dioxide per year, and the transportation sector generates the largest share of greenhouse gas emissions. This means that longer-distance trips between work or school to home are likely to devastatingly impact the air quality and people's health.

In conclusion, in spite of several advantages of this development, I believe that it is more detrimental to the environment and people's productivity.
