Most people believe that more stricter punishments should be given for traffic offenses. To what extent do you agree?

Undoubtedly, today, traffic is one of the intrinsic issues in major cities, which needs to be handled as a priority to avoid its harmful consequences like accidents. Although many people believe that introducing a strong law enforcement or strict disciplinary action can reduce traffic violations, however, I believe, combining strict rule implications with other methods can give the desired results.

Introducing the fear of punishment like imprisonment, higher penalties or cancellation of driving license in civilians can cultivate a good habit of following the traffic rules, so they do not have to face the penalties of rule-breaking. For example, In Mumbai, a city in India, there was almost a 50% decrease in traffic violations after doubling the cost of penalty charges. This fact proves that strict disciplinary action can lessen the traffic violation.

Moreover, there are other ways can make traffic control efficient, first, creating awareness in the people by organizing multiple campaigns, which inform them about the worse impact of traffic offenses, How following traffic rule can save their and other's lives, and also about the people who get impacted by it. This type of awareness can help people to understand the actual value of rules and will encourage them to follow them. Secondly, Government needs to implement the strict law while allocating driving license and it should be given after taking an appropriate practical test and looking into previous records in case of renewal. In many developing countries, people take advantage of corruption to get a license without taking the exam. Finally, to avoid long congestion and in hurry to reach the destination in short time, is the main reason behind people breaking the law. Thus, the government should construct new roadways in urban areas, as proper traffic management is essential in those sections. Although, these are slow ways, but definitely give impressive results in traffic control.

It can be concluded from the above clarification, that better results can be obtained in reducing traffic offenses by implementing strict law enforcement with other methods in many countries.