  Nowadays doctors can become very rich. Maybe they should not focus on profitable activities such as plastic surgery or looking after rich patients but concentrate more on all patients' health, no matter how rich they are. Give your view.

  Doctors in China often envy the high income enjoyed by physicians in the West. In fact, qualified doctors are often amply rewarded financially. With the national medical bill increasing threefolds in the past ten years, they have every chance to get really rich. But, money should never be their priority.

  Being a doctor should not be merely a job but a sacred calling. Saving lives and curing patients should be doctors' duty and privilege because they are trained and entrusted to do so and are respected for doing so. Doctors are in a unique position to alleviate human suffering. They are rewarded not only financially for doing this; they feel valued and appreciated when they see the smiling faces of cured patients and their families. Money cannot buy this kind of peace of mind. Indeed, money earned from treating rich patients while their destitute counterparts are denied medical treatment will always haunt doctors' consciences.

  If money becomes their main objective, dire consequences will ensue. Professional ethics will be discarded in the pursuit of money. All too often we have seen risky but lucrative operations performed by unscrupulous doctors in order to pocket the fee. Unnecessary tests are often carried out because doctors who prescribe those tests get part of the fee. In China, some doctors receive kickbacks from pharmaceutical companies for prescribing their medicines, leaving patients with exorbitant medical bills. These doctors are not only money-oriented but also lawbreakers. Of course, they are not representative of doctors in general. But if financial rewards become the sole objective of all doctors, similar practices will become rampant in the medical industry. Standards and services will be sacrificed for higher profits. Doctors will turn their attention to making money instead of honing their skills and doing research.

  Greed for money often robs people of their humanity. Ample examples can be found in that respect. Who can guarantee that no deadly virus would be intentionally created by some rogue doctors so as to sell his anti-virus serum? Patient's well-being always should be the paramount consideration for doctors.