Some people think that governments should subsidize healthy food, while others think that they should tax unhealthy food.

The issue of making healthy food available at a lower cost with the support of finance by the government is felt by many people. However, others have an idea to put a tax to different types of food that are hazardous to health. In this essay, I will discuss both views and present my own opinion regarding these issues.

Generally, its the responsibility of the government to help its citizens in the country in perspective of their health. If the government is involved in paying for the fruits and vegetables that are imported or produced within their country, then people find them cheap. This makes them feel the need to consume healthy foods in greater quantities. For instance, people with low economic status can also be benefited.

Furthermore, the government should only decide on the price of healthy foods. This means the price for these types of food should be uniform all around the country so that everyone gets an equal chance of benefit. A good example of this explanation is a system of food cards in India. People can buy at a low rate using this card and the price is also uniform.

In contrast to this food subsidizing thought, some other people feel it is the tax that is to be increased in unhealthy foods. If a considerable amount of tax is put in unhealthy foods like junk or highly processed food; which most people often find easy and tasty to consume, then they are compelled to buy healthy food instead as they would be available at cheaper rates.

Similarly, tax in unhealthy foods can demotivate the companies that produce these foods and they may feel to produce them in a more healthy way such as they may think of retaining the essential vitamins and proteins in processed foods that rarely contain these components.

In conclusion, many people find subsidizing fruits and vegetables by the government as a good way to make them available to more people at affordable rates whilst others propose to increase the rate of unhealthy foods. In my perspective, I would choose the later view as this encourages people to consume healthy food for their healthy life.