In some countries the average weight of people is increasing and their levels of health and fitness are decreasing. What do you think are the causes of these problems and what measures could be taken to solve them?

In some countries the average weight of people is increasing and their levels of health and fitness are decreasing. I think that the health of these problems are due to an unhealthy lifestyle and the lack of exercise.

Nowadays, people are getting more and more lazy. They want continence in everything, when they come home from work, they will have microwaved dinner or fast food so that they do not have to take the trouble to prepare a meal or wash up after dinner. The introduction of fast food is also the main cause of unhealthy living. People are opting for a fast food restaurant meal rather than a simple homecooked meal. Yes, your burgers and pizzas tasted better than a homecooked meal but think of all the calories you are swallowing. The oil they used to fry your fries. it is literally black. Eating too much fast food will also lead to health problems. Sugary drinks, packeted chips, candies, and chocolate are also some of the causes that contribute to unhealthy lifestyles. Heavy consumption can lead to weight gain and diabetes.

I think that the main cause is the lack of exercise. As you grow older, your metabolism rate drops. Even if you are eating the same amount as before, you will still gain weight. The one and only solution to this exercise. The recommended exercise per day is at least 30 minutes of brisk walking. This target can be easily achieved if people do not drive to work. They can take a bus or a train and drip one stop earlier than walk to the office. Every little bit counts, when you come home from work, you can play with your kids or bring the dog for a walk. Anything to get your attention away from the couch. More exercise will suppress your cravings for sugary stuff.

People should also balance their diet. For example, by eating more vegetables and fruits. Eat less meat and drink plenty of water throughout the day. Organise time with your family to take a walk outdoors to enjoy the sceneries rather than cooping yourself in the house. This is healthy living for the body, heart, and soul. It is also less likely to fall sick if you do plenty of exercise as your body is strong enough to fight off illness and diseases.