Some people think the increasing business and cultural contact between countries brings many positive effects. Others say it causes the loss of national identities. Discuss both of these views and give your opinion.

In this era of globalization, the world is considered to be a global village as trade, tourism, politics, films, music, literature, and arts are not restricted within a country's borders. This international business opportunity and cultural exchange surely bring many positive aspects while the negative impacts cannot be ignored as well. This essay delves into these two views and expresses my personal opinion on them.

On one hand, the positive outcomes of cross-cultural activities and international trade are immense. In this age of modern technology and the Internet, people have access to films, music, arts, language, culture, and many other aspects of other countries. International trade and business opportunities have helped people all over the world to purchase and sell products at a competitive price and they have far more options nowadays than in the past. Crops grown in a distant village or dresses designed by a rural laborer have a world market and this has helped to fight the most vicious problem in the world-hunger. Someone can feel hatred and anger toward other nations only if his vision is blurred with propaganda. For instance, Muslims around the world have a very negative image of the Western people and this could be resolved only by cultural contact. Eventually, people will find that they are all the same apart from their religious and cultural differences. So from this point, it can be inferred that cultural contact between nations can maintain world peace.

On the other hand, people who are worried about globalization, international trade, and cultural exchanges opine that this very trend is detrimental to a country's own culture and tradition. They are right to some extent but I personally believe that culture is ever changing and if people exchange culture, it will not diminish their own culture. Rather it would enrich a country's own culture. History also teaches us that many cultural and traditional aspects are borrowed from other nations and this has, in fact, a positive impact.

Considering both of these views, I would surmise that protecting our own culture or tradition would depend on us and it would not be harmed by our business relations and cultural contact with other nations. National identities are represented by its citizens and heritage and that is why when citizens of a country benefit from international business and cross-cultural contacts, they would also be able to highlight their own cultural aspect to the world.