  The threat of nuclear weapons maintains world peace. Nuclear power provides cheap and clean energy. The benefits of nuclear technology far outweigh the disadvantages. Give reasons for your answer.

  Nuclear technology is a two-edged weapon. Millions have benefited from nuclear energy. However, the world has seen its destructive power when two atomic bombs were detonated on the Japanese soil. Luckily for us, no further nuclear bombs have exploded in populated areas so far.

  The Nuclear weapon is bound to cut us sooner or later. Nuclear deterrent may seem effective but is ultimately hazardous. More than twenty countries now possess nuclear weapons and only a few of them have signed treaties that promise never to use nuclear weapons unless under nuclear attack. What if those countries get into wars against each other? Will they refrain from using nuclear bombs when conventional weapons fail to bring victory? There is no guarantee! Moreover, what if one of those bombs got into the hands of terrorists or fanatics? Would they hesitate to use the bomb when their demands are not met? The Nuclear weapon is like a time bomb, which is bound to set off unless dismantled.

  By its very nature, nuclear weapons will cause disasters. It is against other humans, not aliens from outer space nor wild animals on earth that nuclear weapons are designed. They are capable of wiping out an entire city or nation. No one should be entrusted with such great power because power is apt to be abused. We are always tempted to use the power we have for our own purposes. One way or another, we all give in to that temptation. God wields absolute power and he wiped out the entire mankind save Noah's Ark. The stakes are too high here to allow even one mistake.

  Nuclear energy is entirely another matter. Peaceful usage of nuclear technology means using the technology for the good of mankind, not against it. There are, of course, problems at this stage such as waste disposal and safety problems. But with time, all those technical problems can be solved.

  Technology itself is amoral. It can either serve or cut us. How we use it depends on ourselves. We need to guard ourselves from the urge to abuse excessive power because more often than not we are our own biggest enemy.