  The world has many towns and cities constructed in previous centuries that were more suitable and livable for people in those times than they are now. What problems will this cause today and what can be done to solve those problems?

  Numerous cities have houses and buildings designed and constructed centuries ago. These structures may not be able to meet contemporary needs, so they require renovation or reconstruction.

  Old towns have difficulty in achieving economic prosperity since they have few modern facilities and buildings serving people in today's world. Urban planners in the past failed to consider factors such as population growth, the demand for public transportation, and electricity supplies. It follows that historical towns normally have low-rise buildings that fail to make the most of scarce land, narrow roads that are congested with cars every day, and shops that experience power cuts regularly. If these problems remain unsolved, these towns can hardly attract people who desire comfortable housing, a highly efficient transport link, and well-equipped amenities. Without the wisdom and specialized knowledge of talented people, a city is unlikely to have innovations and technology that are essential to economic growth.

  To deal with this problem, these towns can demolish or renovate age-old structures to embrace opportunities to achieve economic prosperity. Dilapidated buildings, especially those without any cultural or historical value, can be torn down to make way for the construction of new ones, such as apartment buildings that have elevators, install central air conditioning, and use fireproof materials, and big shopping malls that serve multiple functions like entertainment and dining. The availability of apartment and shopping complexes can retain and appeal to young specialists whose labor and buying power hold the key to economic expansion. Meanwhile, buildings of historical value can be restored to draw tourists who are fascinated by the culture and history of a city. Tourism revenue can promote the economic growth of cities as numerous small businesses such as souvenir shops thrive.

  To summarise, old towns are likely to miss out on opportunities to grow the economy, as most buildings do not meet the requirements of modern users. It is necessary to raise the economic value of historical buildings.