In modern world, it is no longer necessary to use animals for food or use animal products, for instance, clothing and medicines. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Recent decades have witnessed an obvious trend that an increasing number of individuals disapprove of using animal products such as food clothing as well as medicines. From my perspective, I do believe that the benefits of this opinion outweigh the negative effects.

It is undeniable that eating animal meat like beef, pork and chicken, to some extent, has a positive influence on people's physical well-being. It is generally acknowledged that animal meat contains a number of nutrients, such as protein, which can improve our fitness. In addition, most people still might not accept artificial food as an alternative of natural meat because its not tasty and do not have enough nutrition for people's physical conditions. However, the benefits of using less animal products should not be ignored.

To begin with, the proposal that humans are not supposed to hunt or kill animals for their meat and fur, in no small measure, is beneficial to maintain the living rights of wildlife. It is no exaggeration to say that in modern democratic nations, human rights deserve full consideration and respect, so do animals. If humans driven by immense profits kill hundreds of thousands of species of animals, some of them are deprived of the living rights and would extinct This obviously runs counter to the spirit, of democracy.

In addition, preventing humans from hunting animals for products, to some extent, is conducive to preserving the environment. It has already turned out to a consensus that every single species of animal plays an indispensable role in the eco-system. If some of them extinct due to human activities, the whole eco-system would collapse. As a consequence, all the living creatures would be under threat.

To conclude, I concede that using animal products are beneficial to our physical health. Nevertheless, I am convinced that we should respect animals and reduce the use of the product as a result of killing which can protect our eco-system and create a better world.