  The advantages brought by the spread of English as a "global language" will outweigh the disadvantages. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this view?

  Today, it is common for people to learn and speak English. I believe that the popularity of this language is a positive change, although it can pose a threat to some less-spoken languages.

  The widespread use of English can promote cooperation throughout the world because it enables people to overcome language barriers in the international context. There are thousands of languages that co-exist in the world, presenting obstacles to cross-cultural communication between people of different nationalities. With the rise of English as a dominant language, people can take it as the medium of communication to share ideas and knowledge, which are the key collaborative projects in business, science, and academic studies. Merchants, researchers, and scholars can work together to explore business opportunities, complete projects, and advance technology, which can promote the progress of the whole world.

  The growing popularity of English can also benefit people on a personal level since they can increase their knowledge and broaden their horizons. English has been recognized and utilized as the main language for world-famous news outlets, including BBC and CNN, and for some prominent publishing houses. This means that even non-native English speakers can learn about the world by reading English-written material as long as they pick up this global language. This kind of knowledge can make them broad-minded as they come to realize the practices, values, and ways of life of the English-speaking world. They can integrate values of some English-speaking countries such as equality and freedom of speech in their daily decision-making when running a business or handling interpersonal relationships.

  On the other hand, the dominance of English in the world may endanger some minority languages. English has become a compulsory subject at school in many communities and countries, and many young people devote a large proportion of their time to mastering this language. They firmly believe that a good command of English can improve job prospects, especially when they intend to work for multinational enterprises, most of which are headquartered in English-speaking countries. They may, however, pay little attention to their native languages. One typical example is the Maori language in New Zealand, the language which is spoken by indigenous people but is on the verge of extinction as English predominates in the workplace, at school, and in news media.

  In conclusion, English plays an important role in the communication and cooperation between people from different countries, although it may put some languages under threat. 