The spread of English and the growth of international tourism have some negative effects on countries' languages and traditional cultures. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

English is now spoken, with various degrees of accuracy, in more than 60 countries. In China alone, more than 200 million people are engaged in the learning of the language, which is made easier by the interaction with millions of traveling native speakers of English. There is no need to be alarmed by the enthusiasm for English or the influx of tourists.

The dominance of our mother tongue will not be detracted by the spread of English. We learn English out of academic, diplomatic, commercial, or other practical considerations because English is the preferred language when communicating with most foreigners. Few of us deem it superior to the Chinese. No one will forgo Chinese and concentrate on English only. We use Chinese all the time among ourselves. Besides, if need be, one is capable of being bilingual. Many people in Northern Europe are bilingual or even multilingual. Learning a foreign language helps one to appreciate his or her native tongue. Without comparison, many of us would never see the beauty and uniqueness of Chinese.

The development of international tourism is in line with globalization. It will certainly affect our culture but not necessarily for the worse. Tourists from all over the world bring with them their cultures and traditions, many of which may seem exotic and appealing. Some of it will no doubt be picked up by the locals. This is regarded by some as an encroachment on our traditions. But I'd rather call it the enrichment of our culture. After all, culture is and should not be static; it is constantly changing even without outside influence. There is no need to blindly stick to traditional culture; whatever is outdated needs to go.

As the daily world integrates, we need to communicate and travel around. The assimilation of the new doesn't necessarily result in the loss of the old. Foreign cultures and languages and their national counterpart complement each other.