Traditional art is a sign of civilization. Do you think the government should subsidize musicians, painters, actors, or opera companies? What should the government do?

China has a long history of over 500 years and a fine tradition of art and literature. Deplorably, much of it has been irrevocably lost. There is something that the government can do to reverse the trend.

Some forms of subsidy should be given to those artists and organizations who are dedicated to traditional art. Though generally highbrow, many traditional art forms have lost their popularity and are facing extinction. There were formerly around 300 types of operas across China, including the well-known Beijing Opera, Cantonese Opera, and so on. Regrettably, they cannot compete with imported popular arts and only a handful of them are occasionally performed and watched mainly by those over 40 years old. Their total demise would be an incalculable loss because they are the highest forms of art, incorporating singing, dancing, and stage fighting. this is just one of those art forms that are endangered due to the altered popular taste and competition from imported arts. Financial aid from the government is needed to ensure the survival of those arts.

Apart from providing subsidies, more measures can be taken to facilitate the development of traditional arts. Effective education and promotion can make a difference. Most of the young don't have the slightest idea of what traditional art is owing to the lack of education in this respect. The mass media is saturated with popular arts and offers no alternative. People's taste is largely shaped by the mass media. Given a taste of traditional arts, many would start to appreciate them. It is wrong to suppose that traditional arts have no place in the modern world. In many countries where they are given due attention, traditional arts are still flourishing or even dominant. The popularity of popular art has much to do with the enormous amount of money spent on its promotion.

It is not viable nor sensible to preserve all traditional art forms. When its time comes, no elixir can save it. But those that have stood the test of time and have real artistic values should be preserved and promoted.