  Each year some languages die out. Some say this is good because fewer languages would make communication easier and relieve people of the burden of learning foreign languages. Do you agree or disagree?

  It is said that sixty percent of the languages that ever existed have already become extinct. This would not be much lamented by most people except those linguists or archeologists. Indeed, some people regard this as a healthy sign that the world is integrating.

  As far as learning foreign languages is concerned, it is indeed good news on the face of it. But, following the same logic, biologists would wish to have more extinct species because that means a lighter workload. The truth is far from it. They are advocating the protection of endangered species. Similarly, fewer languages don't necessarily mean better communication unless all languages are forsaken except a lingua franca. As long as several languages are used, there will always be language barriers.

  The loss of languages is akin to that of history and culture. A nation's history and culture are largely recorded in its language, both verbal and written. With the demise of a language, the history and tradition are gradually forgotten, which is often irreparable. Scientists nowadays are trying in vain to decipher those ancient languages to get a glimpse at what life was like millenniums ago. How much easier it would become if the languages were still used today.

  The loss is regrettable because languages are closely linked to people's ways of thinking. Our thoughts are described in our languages and hinted maybe in artistic works. People speak different languages and think in different ways. To really understand their way of thinking, one needs to comprehend their languages. Each language is unique. For instance, Chinese is known for its flexibility, Japanese for its politeness, and French for its beauty. Different languages really complement each other.

  As that of dinosaurs, the extinction of certain languages is just as lamentable. As a language dies out, the door to a unique history, culture, and beauty is closed. The world becomes much duller as a result.