The availability of entertainment such as playing electronic games on portable devices will be harmful to individuals in the society they live in. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

"Entertainment brings out an inherent creative personality, wings to the mind and flights to the imagination". Today's era is well known for its varieties of games on mobile phones; which have devastating effects on an individual and on society as well. In my opinion, the availability of games on handheld devices has severe effects on the eyes as well as on mental health but they also have their peculiarities in building creative ideas, determination and focus.

To begin with, playing games over mobile phones has been a crucial issue for parents. Most children play games on mobile phones and have the strain on their eyes; which results in poor visibility later on. In addition to this, the unavailability of a game or mobile phone makes an individual livid and depressed. For instance, In a survey conducted by "Hindustan Times" 85% of children who play games over mobile phones have poor visibility, lack of confidence and most they are introverts.

Moreover, playing games on mobile phones leads to isolation in the society. In other term, people do not believe in face-to-face communication with each other. Therefore, it results in a lack of communication and sharing of valuable experiences in society. For example, In a survey conducted by a local magazine in "Los Angeles", it is proven that most of the people who travel in metros prefer to play mobile games instead talking to their peer.

On the flip side, playing quiz games over phones brings creativity and a vast knowledge of new vocabulary words. Furthermore, it also provides determination and focus to achieve a particular level. Apart from this, Society will also get ample of benefits as if they have an abundance of creative people: increase their level of thinking, familiarity with new technology.

In conclusion, there are a number of answers to the given question. Every growing trend has their own advantage and disadvantages. However, games provides us new imaginary world and flavors to life but it should not be on the cost of health problems.