Are famous people treated unfairly by the media? Should they be given more privacy, or is the price of their fame an invasion into their private lives?

Press freedom allows journalists to report nearly everything. But nothing receives more press coverage than the famous: movie stars, top athletes, models, and so on. This kind of inordinate attention intrudes upon their private lives and should be curbed.

People, including celebrities, have the right to keep their private life private, which should be respected by nosy reporters. It is their right not to tell you what kind of food they are eating or what books they are reading. They have the right to 'remain silent'. Who they are dating is their own business and they can choose whether or not to divulge that information. When they are not inclined to be interviewed or photographed, they should be left alone. The tragic death of Princess Diana reveals once again how much damage those nosy paparazzi can cause. There are many famous people being molested by incessant media attention.

The famous are often the victims of sensationalism and tabloid journalism. They are being used to attract more audiences and to boost the sales. The stories about celebrities may have no newsworthiness in an objective sense but usually cater to popular tastes. People are naturally curious and particularly love to read about and see the rich and the famous. They like to find in them what is lacking in their own ordinary lives. They want to experience some vicarious pleasure and excitement in their trendy life. The intrusion upon the privacy of the rich is profit-driven on the side of mass media and a touch of voyeurism on the side of common readers.

There are, however, some people who do seek the limelight. They pride themselves on the amount of attention they get and would even create some scandals to get in the headlines. There is no need to protect their privacy. But for the vast majority, the famous or the common, privacy should not be intruded upon.