  Some people agree that all kinds of jobs should be equally open to men and women. Others think that some jobs should only be suitable for men and women respectively. Discuss and give your opinion.

  Many of us would be a little amused at the sight of a male nurse and be upset by the presence of a female soldier. Yet, even the last bastion of male dominance--the Navy is giving way to equal rights consideration. The stereotype of male and female roles in the workplace seems to be fading. 

  Equal rights advocates are hailing the fact that more jobs are opening to both men and women. In their opinion, it is a manifestation of equality. Why should women be barred from some jobs merely because of their gender? It is blatant discrimination against the underprivileged sex, which is rooted in the male chauvinistic view that men are superior to women. As it often turns out, women can do just as well, if not better, in virtually all kinds of work. Tasks requiring physical strength can now be done by machines, so female's weaker physique is not an issue here. Conversely, of course, there is no such a job that only a woman can do. What dissuades men from taking certain jobs is often stereotyped male self-perception, which deems certain professions below their dignity. Indeed, a lot of talent is wasted when one sex chooses not to pursue certain careers. Unfortunately, in many fields such as science and politics, female is still sharply under-represented. How many Madam Curies can the world turn out if we dispose of this long-held unjustified attitude?

  It must not be taken, however, that we should have an equal number of males and females doing any kind of work. It is a matter of individuality rather than gender. Some people, male or female, are naturally unfit for politics; some may never make good athletes; still, some will find teaching repulsive. Thus, before embarking on a career, both sexes need to take into account their interests, abilities, inclination, temperament, and so on.

  Equal job opportunity for both sexes is not so much desirable as unavoidable. Developed nations are feeling the strain as a large portion of their talents (usually females) remain untapped. Jobs should be offered to whoever is qualified regardless of gender.