Universities should accept equal numbers of male and female students in every subject. Do you agree or disagree?

Since the feminist movement, females have been enjoying increasingly equal opportunities as males do. They account for nearly half of the college student population. Some people thus demand complete equality in all subjects in terms of student numbers. I am, however, strongly against this proposal.

To begin with, the enrolment of men or women in each major should be dependent upon their respective academic performances and overall abilities, rather than some unrealistic percentage quota. Girls usually don't do well in science and thus have little chance of competing against boys in the math department. Similarly, it is hard to find boys studying education, for many of them just don't have the verbal skills or patience to become qualified teachers. Given the differences in their inherent abilities, it is right to expect boys and girls to have separate academic pursuits.

Besides, the natural interests of both sexes should be taken into consideration when we approach this issue. By compelling some girls to study engineering merely to increase the female percentage, universities are forcing them to work against their natural inclination while denying other boys the chance to pursue their real interests. In general, it is as hard, for example, to persuade male students to learn embroidery as it is to coax a girl to study anatomy. Therefore, students should be given the freedom as to what subjects they would like to learn.

Education being a preparation for their future careers, universities should mark the fact that certain jobs are gender-specific. Take most manual work for example. It is physically unrealistic for women to be construction workers, plumbers, or firefighters. At the same time, men can hardly succeed as nurses or kindergarten teachers. Understandably, gender differences shall be taken into consideration while students are still in college.

It's neither realistic nor necessary to recruit the same number of male and female students. It is not an issue of equality but a matter of choice. Given the difference in abilities and preferences, students shall be given the right to choose for themselves rather than be subject to certain arbitrary quotas stipulating the number of students for each sex.