In some countries, a new law makes it illegal for employers to reject applications based on age. Do you think it is a positive or negative development?

In some nations, age discrimination is an illicit doing when shortlisting applicants for a specific job role. However, in my opinion, this law enforcement has a negative impact on employers when considering their prospects.

First of all, when referring to jobs that involve a lot of physical work such as labor, cleaners, or mechanics. Those jobs need more physical strength to perform the job functions and employers tend to choose young people to get the job done rather than selecting old people. It is evident that employers will be more from juveniles which will help them to achieve project timelines with the expanded work. On hand older people are slow and on the other hand, organizations have to recruit more staff to tally young people's working capacity which will increase the annual budgetary requirement for wages.

Second of all, when an organization running a recruitment they will always look at how long employees will stay with the company. Because selecting a suitable candidate for a vacancy is not an easy task. It takes a lot of time commitment and has to spend a considerable amount of money. Therefore, from the company's perspective, they don't want someone about to retire or someone in mid-career who changes their job more frequently, due to they will leave the company soon when the time is right. Moreover, for some positions, the employer has to spend a huge time and money to bring an employee to a workable state, by providing a lot of training locally as well as overseas and exams and certification, and this whole exercise will be fruitless if the candidate leaves the company.

In conclusion, when considering all the facts above it is very fair to choose a suitable applicant for the specified job role and I strongly believe it can be considered as a right of the organization. Hence making it unlawful to disqualify an applicant based on their age is a negative development business world.