If you sell a product and the people buy it, then advertising is not necessary and is considered as a kind of entertainment. Do you agree or disagree with this? Give an example from your experience to support your opinion.

Although sometimes it is thought that products that are already being sold in the market do not require advertising, others think that all big companies are doing some sort of advertising to boost sales and entertainment is done to ensure people watch these advertisements. I disagree, that advertisements are considered only for entertainment as they play a very vital role in increasing sales and revenue for the company.

Admittedly, this is commonly believed that the companies who have a monopoly in the market should not invest in advertisement. Furthermore, instead should use that amount in research and development to enhance their product features. For example, Maggie is a one-of-a-kind product and no competitor could beat this product. In addition, if a company has a consumer durable product then it certainly requires advertisement to boost sales and to on-board new customers. Moreover, the world is moving at a very fast pace and there is a lot of transformation happening, to ensure the company educates customers about new features and enhancements, advertisement becomes a must to do.

On the other hand, there are many products that do not require any advertisement, as they are a necessity for customers. For instance, Indian Oil does not require advertisement to boost sales, and customers by default will come and purchase the product. Another significant factor is even if people remember advertisements from an entertainment perspective, it still helps in increasing sales and spreading awareness about the product. one of the most important factors of advertising is, that people assume that the company is doing well and therefore investing further in advertisements. Those companies that do not do well in revenue will avoid going for any kind of advertisements like TV commercials, sponsorship branding, etc.

To conclude, some people wrongly perceive that advertisements could be a waste for products that already have a good consumer base and people watch them only for entertainment. I strongly believe that advertisement contributes a lot to a company's success and especially products that have more consumer base need advertisement to ensure they do not lose customers against the competition.