Some people say that the positive effects of advertising outweigh its negative effects. Do you agree or disagree?

Advertising is ubiquitous. Wherever you go and whatever you read, you are likely to be bombarded by adverts touting some products or services. Is the unsolicited, seemingly wholesome information beneficial or detrimental?

It would be wrong to deny advertising any credit. The yearly turnover of this industry indicates its importance in the business world. Without adverts, it would be much harder for consumers to learn about new products. Indeed, the world economy would be much less developed.

Notwithstanding all that, advertising influences most people adversely. It advocates an unhealthy and wasteful lifestyle. In an attempt to cash in on every new product, copywriters are employed to come up with eye-catching adverts. Most of these ads portray the new product as trendy and almost indispensable. Sure enough, many people discard the old products and purchase the latest model, which often turns out only fractionally superior to the older one. The fashion industry is a case in point. Thanks to its advertising, women and some men are coaxed to throw out their clothes bought a year ago because they are out of style.

In addition, adverts may lead to inordinate anxiety and worries. There are two main tactics used in the advertising industry to persuade and convince people: one is to appeal to our desire for pleasure and the other is to take advantage of our fear. Many adverts solemnly assume a scientific tone and warn consumers of certain terrible but overlooked ailments and then offer the cure. In fact, it is agreed that many diseases are created by advertisements, many of which are without solid scientific basis. Apart from that, most adverts intentionally exaggerate or mislead the audience by implying dire consequences if their products are not used. A man is in danger of losing his job if he doesn't use a certain kind of perfume. Adverts put a strain on our already high-strung nerves by feeding us all kinds of potential or invented problems.

Despite its big role in modern society, advertising needs to be strictly regulated and restricted because the strategies employed in advertising is becoming increasingly insidious and vicious.
