Many people think that money to be important for achieving happiness. What importance does money have regarding happiness? Give your answer with relevant examples.

Money is the one of key factors that makes a man feel comfortable and enjoyable. There are more people think that without money they cannot being happy in their life. Same way, others think happiness does not depend on the money that they have. I totally agree with the people that saying, money has nothing to do for person's happiness.

It is true that because of money, people can live their lives by having anything which they want. For example, people who have more money, they can travel worldwide and visit wonderful places and can buy any fashionable clothes and so on. They are able to be happy with the physical belongings they own and may be having a relaxing time with family or friends.

However, I believe from money, no one can buy happiness or gain happiness. There are more rich people who are suffering their lives even if they have enough money. For instance, most of the business family members don't live in happily. As husbands are busy earning money, they don't have much time to spend with their children or family members. As a result, family members are not happy with their lives, even if they have the money they need. On the other hand, poor people who are facing more struggles to earn, are living in happily by having more time with their families. Therefore, no one can say that money is the main thing for happiness.

Furthermore, when people have more money, they tend to do a lot of experiments and try to be more social. Then people are involved in smuggling or doing criminal activities. Although man can be happier with these activities for a moment, this will affect to the lifelong. In addition, some people like to live their lives by associating with their religion. These people feel happy by doing religious activities which do not need much money.

To sum up, even though people can live a luxurious life by having money, happiness does not rely on money. To happiness, money has nothing to do and all depend on individual differences and preferences.