Some people believe famous people's support towards international aid organizations draw attention to problems, while others think celebrities make the problems less important. Discuss both views and given your opinion.

It is true that well-known people's association with global aid programs can have a serious impact on the society. Some people believe that the reputation of these individuals can overshadow the cause they are working for.

However, I believe that the support of celebrities will create public awareness about the problems that need to be dealt with. It is my strong belief that famous people's association with international aid organizations can raise public awareness towards certain matters of importance. It is evident that they can positively influence their fans who can be encouraged to participate in charitable activities held by the organisations. For example, some Taiwanese celebrities volunteer in developing countries such as Kenya and support disadvantaged local families. Due to this fact, many fans of these celebrities turn their attention to problems such as poverty and engage themselves in voluntary work for a variety of global aid organizations. Therefore, famous people's involvement in organizations can certainly raise people's awareness of global issues.

However, there is a commonly held view that celebrities can downplay the impact of problems. This is because people might perceive their contributions to international aid organizations as their business strategy to advertise themselves, and to gain more fame. For instance, numerous Hollywood movie stars engage themselves in voluntary work for international charities, but their endeavor is less likely to be appreciated due to misconceptions of the public. This can trivialize the problems. However, in my opinion, there are only a small group of people who do not appreciate celebrities' hard work.

In conclusion, although celebrities could take the focus off of the problems due to their popularity, my belief is that their contributions to international aid organizations can surely make problems noticed.