  Volunteer work organized by middle schools brings more benefits than problems. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

  Volunteer work has been promoted by many schools and even designated as a requirement for graduation. I agree that unpaid work is of great value for those young participants as well as the whole society, although it is a daunting task for some students. 

  Serving communities can benefit students by expanding their skill set and broadening their practical experience. Volunteering provides them with opportunities to tackle many problems and challenges which are hard to see at school. For example, when they raise funds for charities, they need to explain the worthy causes they advocate to potential patrons. When working for museums, they learn how to introduce exhibits to visitors of different ages and address inquiries with patience. All these experiences could prepare them for complex communication situations in the future when they enter the workforce and interact with people of different backgrounds.

  At the same time, young people can learn a sense of responsibility from the voluntary services they provide for communities. They know that their work can be beneficial to society and other members of society, such as disadvantaged children who need academic support to finish homework and overcome challenges in their studies. Young volunteers can observe how their efforts make a positive difference in the lives of needy people and how their compassion can raise the life satisfaction of some beneficiaries. If every youngster is conscious of their responsibility to society and performs selfless acts, it would be easier to create a close-knit community.

  On the other hand, unpaid work is sometimes not well planned, which can lead to a waste of volunteers' time and energy. Some programs require young volunteers to work after school and at weekends, using up the time they otherwise have spent finishing homework and doing revisions. Students who have poor time management skills, in particular, struggle to balance schooling and unpaid work. They may not be fully committed to these programs if they think voluntary work interferes with their studies and causes poor exam grades.

  Overall, my view is that volunteer work plays an important role in developing young people's skills and in enhancing community cohesion, although schools should ensure that unpaid services do not impact the academic performance of participants.