Many people think that countries have a moral obligation to help each other, while others argue that the aid money is misspent by the governments that receive it, so international aid should not be given to poor countries. Discuss.

Billions of dollars each year are given out as aid to poor countries in the hope of relieving the suffering of their people. Whenever and wherever natural disasters strike, people from all countries never hesitate to offer help and assistance to the victims. However, some people fear these kinds of goodwill and generosity are being abused by some governments.

There is no point in giving aid because aid money is misused and never reaches the intended recipients. It is the poor that need help. Unfortunately, due to their social and economic status, they have no access to foreign aid once it is brought in through official channels. North Korea, for instance, receives millions of dollars each year, but thousands still starve to death. The cause of this, as revealed in some independent studies, is that a large portion of the donation was spent on the army and very little went to the poor. More alarmingly, international aid sometimes, instead of alleviating suffering, backfires on the people if the money is used by the dictators to consolidate their rule. The government might use the money to build its army and police force; those with close ties with government officials might use a portion of it to seek profits for themselves, often at the expense of public interest.

However, notwithstanding possible misuses, abuses, or side effects, rich countries are morally responsible for assisting poor nations. Developed countries accumulate great wealth not only by the hard work and ingenuity of their people but, to some degree, at the expense of other countries' economic well-being. For instance, many former colonies were exploited economically by former empires such as Britain and France and are still plagued by unfair trade relations, whereby they serve as suppliers of natural resources and markets for expensive end products. Besides, rich countries often call themselves civilized nations. If they are to really live up to their names, how could they refuse to aid the poor who are suffering in poverty and languishing in misery? Creatures of a kind often help each other wherever possible, which is happening in the animal world all the time. As human beings, how can we stand by when other people are struggling merely to survive? Our human decency forbids it!

As Bertrand Russell puts it: there are two kinds of tragedy, one caused by nature and the other by ourselves. We are now in a position to conquer most natural disasters if the rich and powerful nations choose to do so. Also, I'd like to see measures taken to prevent the misuse of international aid.