Is it necessary to forbid smoking? State your opinion and reasons.

Despite the knowledge that smoking is a potential killer, cigarette use is on the rise in most countries. Indeed, people are lighting up at a younger age. Twenty percent of boys in secondary schools in Guangzhou smoke occasionally. Though unlikely to ban cigarette smoking altogether, it is imperative to forbid public smoking.

Public smoking is a health threat to others, especially non-smokers. It is scientifically verified that second-hand smokers are four times more likely to develop lung cancer than smokers and 20 times more likely than non-smokers. Smokers may have the right to inflict their own bodies but must not impair the health of others. Indeed, some people, asthma sufferers, for example, are allergic to tobacco smoke. Then we have many ladies who simply cannot stand the smell of cigarettes. In exercising one's own liberty, one must never infringe on that of others.

Additionally, smoking is a potential fire hazard. It is estimated by the National Fire Department that 30 percent of the fire was caused by unextinguished cigarette butts. How many lives have to be lost and houses burnt down before we come to our senses and realize that from time to time some people will manage to discard an unextinguished cigarette butt in the wrong place and at the wrong time? Given the fallible nature of mankind, it is always safer to ban public smoking altogether.

Moreover, even private smoking should be dissuaded. People smoke for many reasons. Some do it because it is cool; some do it out of curiosity; still, some smoke to keep their weight down. However, smoking is never the solution it promises to be. Its perceived benefits are illusionary and transient. The euphoria produced by cigarettes is akin to that generated by alcohol or drugs, an escape from reality at best.

Thus it is in the interest of the public and the smokers themselves that public smoking should be banned. Those against the use of drugs should be able to see the rationale for forbidding smoking.