Surveillance cameras are now installed in many shops and supermarkets to prevent shoplifting. However many people are against this because they think it is a disregard for privacy. What are your views about this?

Troubled by shoplifting and various forms of sabotage, shop owners around the world are taking measures to guard their stores. Security guards are posted at entrances and exits; people are assigned to monitor surveillance cameras. But the omnipresence of those cameras is under growing criticism--it is seen as an intrusion upon one's privacy.

It is now hard to do things unobserved. Wherever you go, there is always some possibility that you are being watched and even recorded. It is quite embarrassing to be caught sneezing on camera for instance. And many people feel uneasy before a camera, let alone a hidden one. The fact that our every move is being monitored makes people nervous. What we do and how we act should be our own business so long as they are legal. Unsolicited filming is a violation of our privacy.

However, that claim is one-sided. If possible, it would be better not to have electronic surveillance. But as things now stand, it has become a necessary nuisance. It is ineffective and costly to use human surveillance, which has been used up till now and is commonly accepted. No one would criticize the watchful eyes of a shop assistant or grandly assert their right not to be monitored. Yet most people cannot tolerate video cameras. In fact, there is no justification for that. How can we deny the shop owners the right to watch the customers on their premises? They are entitled to protect their properties and should be allowed to any lawful means to do so.

The downside of video surveillance is often negligible. What is embarrassing in a social context remains so with or without overhead cameras. People should behave themselves in public places such as supermarkets. It is not the right place to have an intimate moment with your lover not because there are cameras but because it is a public place. Actually, aside from its role in combating crimes, video surveillance of ten does service to ordinary citizens. Many a time was a distraught customer given his lost keys because the whole thing was caught by the camera. And many lives were saved when some elderly people were struck by heart attacks and would have been left unattended to, had it not been for the sweeping gaze of a surveillance camera.

As I see it, video surveillance is another tool against crime and is capable of being misused. But those cameras are necessary. By and large, they work against the criminals rather than the public.