  Some people think that it is the responsibility of the government to ensure that people in the country have healthy lifestyles. Other people believe that individuals should be free to decide their own lifestyles. Please give your own opinion.

  The last two decades witnessed an alarming rise in the proportion of adults with unhealthy lifestyles. Smoking, alcohol misuse, and obesity have substantially increased the risk of developing some of the most debilitating chronic diseases. Most people understand the importance of a healthy lifestyle in the prevention of disease and the delay in the deterioration of their health. They also know that lifestyle changes and choices can be critical in determining their health and lifespan. Yet news reports reveal that less than 15% of the population around the globe practices a healthy lifestyle. Therefore, the role of the government in the promotion of a healthy lifestyle is difficult yet inescapable.

  We know that unhealthy lifestyles may result from a lack of self-discipline. Nevertheless, many factors, including economic status, education, genetics, social factors, culture, and media, contribute to the high number of people who have adopted lifestyles that undermine their health. The answer to the prevalence of unhealthy lifestyles lies beyond the scope of the influence of any individual citizen, any non-government organization, or any actor to address on its own. The government of a country can play a stewardship role in public health, providing leadership and drawing in players from across many sectors. The government may also work collectively across departments and with other shareholders on legislation, regulation, and taxation levers, to support activities that promote healthy eating, physical activity, and healthy weight.

  Admittedly, governments should never curtail the freedom of the citizens to choose their own lifestyles. But too often people are unaware of the unhealthy habits they have acquired because they hardly stop to observe their own lifestyle. Government efforts are therefore essential to enhance citizens' health awareness.

  On the basis of the above-mentioned arguments, we can conclude that the government is well-positioned to help citizens break the habits that undermine their health and thus it plays a key role in the promotion of healthy lifestyles.