  Many countries spend a lot of money on art. Some people think the money spent on art is necessary, but others say money is better on public services and facilities. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.

  Some people strongly advocate government spending on art while their opponents point out that public services and facilities deserve more funding. I would argue that policymakers should consider the needs of the public before arriving at a funding decision.

  The funding for art is supposed by people who believe that art can make urban life interesting and rewarding. Artworks including sculptures, paintings, and statues can make public places, such as libraries, metro stations, and city squares, more visually appealing. Artistic creations can reduce the boredom of living in a city, which can otherwise be a concrete jungle, and brighten the moods of people when they walk on city streets. Sometimes, they can visit art galleries and attend art exhibitions to get rid of the monotony of daily lives, or simply enjoy a coffee at a pavement cafe to view public artworks from a distance. Without works of art, as suggested by these people, city life could be dull.

  However, other people consider it necessary to increase the spending on public facilities and services because has a direct impact on the standard of living. They firmly believe that the top priority of the government is to use money in ways that address their basic needs. Examples include bus and train stations that shorten their commuting time, water and electricity supplies that are essential for housekeeping, health services that treat illnesses and diseases, and schools that allow their children to gain a qualification for a bright future. They object to the investment in any form of art, which has no relevance to the need for maintaining a basic standard of living.

  In my view, the decision of whether to allocate public money to art depends on the stage of development of a city. For cities that are ill-equipped to match the basic needs of inhabitants, the improvement of vital services should be prioritized, but for cities that are relatively prosperous and well-developed, the expenditure on public art can garner broader support.