  Some people say that the government should do more to ensure that people lead healthy lives, while others believe that individuals should have their own choices. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.

  A healthy lifestyle is important since it gives people a sense of dignity and a feeling of well-being. Although many people believe they have the right to choose their own lifestyle, I do not think they can live a healthy life unless the government intervenes.

  Some people think they will be happier if they exercise their own judgment about how to stay healthy. They choose healthy habits because they believe these lifestyle choices can boost their sense of well-being. For example, some of them prefer a high-fiber diet with an increased intake of fruit and vegetables, which can help them keep fit and enhance their confidence in work and social life. These people feel strongly about government regulations. If laws dictate what they do in their lives, they feel as if they do not have the capability to manage their lives.

  On the other hand, some people maintain that the government should play an active role in regulating citizens' lives as they lack the self-discipline to refrain from unhealthy habits. They develop these habits because they sometimes gain a sense of pleasure. For example, smoking is popular with those who take it as a way to reduce stress and boredom. Many of them eventually have difficulty in breaking this addiction, even though they are aware that smoking can hurt their health and shorten life. This cannot be changed until the government introduces some laws, such as levying tobacco tax to make this substance less affordable.

  From my point of view, government support is indispensable as people have to overcome numerous challenges in their efforts to lead a healthy life. They cannot live their lives in the ways they please, as they need to work hard every day to survive in a competitive world. They order takeaway meals and spend hours working at a desk while knowing that eating a home-cooked meal and regular exercise are health-enhancing options. In this case, government action is required: unless working hours are stipulated and overtime pay is mandated, employers would not permit staff to go home early and spend more time on healthy activities.

  In conclusion, people may prefer to make lifestyle choices themselves, but in reality, they cannot adopt healthy habits without government intervention.