  Some say it is impossible for a woman to work full-time and remain a good mother. So they should be paid by the government to stay at home to raise the children. What is your opinion?

  When asked to choose from one's family and career, men often pick the latter whereas women opt for the former. Women are often devoted mothers if not wives. Many career women are somewhat estranged from their children. But actually working full-time and being a good mother are not incompatible.

  Of course, in a child's infancy, the mother needs to be there to feed and care for the baby. As a matter of fact, most companies offer maternity leave of up to one year to female employees. After the first precarious year when even the slightest mistake of negligence on the mother's side might lead to permanent damage to the baby's health or development, mothers can safely entrust their children to a grandparent, a babysitter, or a nursery. Actually, compared with first-time mothers, a nursery is better at providing child care because it is often staffed with professional nurses and instructors, whose expertise is unmatched by most mothers. 

  Being a good mother doesn't mean being there all the time. The amount of time spent with your children is not what counts most; the quality of it is. There is no need to stay with your children all the time; they need to be left alone sometimes and spend time with their pals. Time spent apart may actually bring the mother and the child closer because children after the age of two or three don't often always prefer the company of their mothers; they like to mingle with their peers. Hence, for working mothers, a daycare center seems the best place to send their children to.

  Mothers are just as entitled to career advancement as fathers. Working mothers have every chance of being good mothers, as proven by countless single mothers who are doing very well working and caring for their children at the same time. Financial and other forms of assistance should be given by the government to all mothers.