Some people believe that they should be able to keep all the money they earn and should not pay any taxes to the state. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Most people perceive tax as a financial burden that can reduce their disposable income. I, however, consider taxation a necessary evil, because without tax revenue it is difficult for a country to function effectively.

The government can invest tax money in the provision of public services and facilities which are indispensable to the daily lives of the public. Firstly, the operation of a country is governed by different departments which are normally staffed by civil servants. Tax money is collected to pay for the labor of these people, whose work can address the needs of citizens, such as fire brigades and police forces, which protect the public from fire accidents and crime. Furthermore, people could experience tremendous inconvenience if a city did not have public facilities such as bus stations, schools, medical services, and waste treatment plants. These failures could not be made available without government funding, most of which is from tax receipts. Private investors sometimes invest in educational services and healthcare, but normally charge a high price which is out of the reach of the general public.

Taxation is also a powerful tool to achieve the goal of income redistribution, which is the key to social stability. Many countries impose the progressive tax, meaning the higher income a taxpayer earns, the more tax he or she should pay. The tax levied from high-income earners can be used to provide a safety net for needy people, such as benefits for the jobless, financial support for those with disabilities, and allowances for low-income families. People in the low-income bracket are normally subject to a low tax rate so they can retain a larger proportion of income in their pockets to cover basic needs. This can close the gap between haves and have-nots and reduce the possibility of social unrest arising from economic disparity.

Overall, it is reasonable for the government to charge tax, which is central to the running of a country as well as its stability.