  Should the government pay for medical care and education? Why?

  State officials and the general public have been for years pondering the pros and cons of relying solely on the government for the funding of medical care and education without reaching any definite conclusion. As far as I'm concerned, we should contrive to achieve an appropriate balance of government and personal funding for medical care and education.

  First of all, funding of medical care solely by the government can lead to adverse consequences. The advent of the aging society has been accompanied by an increasing demand for medical care. Apparently, the government alone can shoulder the onerous financial burden imposed by the medical care of the elderly. As a matter of fact, the balance of cost sharing will inevitably shift dramatically toward the young taxpayers, as the government will definitely resort to tax revenue. The sole funding system of the government thus translates into more taxes paid to the government.

  Second, the cost of education should be balanced between the individual and the government, as education drives out progress toward a better life both personally and collectively. One of the most important outcomes of education is learning how to learn continuously. Well-educated individuals are not only prepared for well-paying jobs, but they are also able to cope with changes. When a country undergoes change and growth, it relies on its people to adapt and prepare themselves for new opportunities. Every country thus counts on the existence of a pool of civilized citizens to lead social and economic development. Without a large number of well-educated people in a country, the collective capacity to grow would be severely diminished.

  To sum up, the cost of medical care and education should be distributed between the government and the citizens. What is of ultimate importance is that the government makes this decision thoughtfully and ensures that the proportion is appropriate.