Many people think that painting and music do not directly improve the quality of people. Therefore, the government should not spend too much money on artistic projects. Do you agree or disagree?

The government is entrusted by the people to act for the common good. An ideal government should take care of all its citizens. When this can not be done, the government should try to address the pressing needs of most of its people. Hence, artistic projects should not be its priority.

Art may be the highest form of enjoyment. It addresses our psychological, mental, and spiritual needs. It cannot be replaced by anything else. However, it should not take precedence when other more pressing needs are left unattended. Hunger, poverty, crime, and regional conflicts are still plaguing millions around the world. Even in developed countries, people are still troubled by social injustice and environmental problems. It is hard to exalt our soul when our body is being tormented. Let us first tackle the problems of the body.

To eradicate poverty should be a global priority. Millions in Africa alone starve to death each year not because of natural disasters but simply because they cannot afford any food. If the developed and so-called civilized nations would only allocate one percent of their gross domestic product to alleviate poverty, the poor would all be guaranteed adequate food. Alas, they choose not to do so, claiming they have other priorities. What could possibly be more important than saving lives? Refusing to prevent death is almost equal to committing homicide. In addition, poverty often breeds other evils: child labor, social unrest, violent crimes, and so on.

Ensuring equality among people should be another priority. Equality is a recognition that we are all created by the miracles of the universe. The brotherhood of mankind demands equal treatment of each individual. Discrimination and injustice are the bane of society. They breed hostility and hatred among people. Its damage even exceeds that of poverty. When people feel repressed and exploited, they will want to rebel and assert their due status. Revolution and war would ensure, as happened time and again in our recorded history.

It is in vain to preach about art to refugees, who would most like to be fed first. Basic problems should be tackled first before we take on the lofty undertaking of art.