  What are the problems for people living and working in the countryside? What should the government do to solve them?

  City residents often crave a life in the countryside, where the air is purer and people friendlier. But when one does settle in the rural area, he starts to complain, sometimes guiltily, about the downsides of a rural life. I regret to say the countryside has more to offer besides the idyllic pleasures.

  Those living outside cities must be content with fewer career opportunities. Businesses and industries are largely concentrated in major cities; even small cities don't have much of a share, let alone the countryside. The job options in the countryside are rather limited, often having something to do with agriculture. Even if one wishes to open a business by himself, he is less likely to succeed because of the poor business environment in rural regions.

  Then some would say that the countryside is a place to live not work in. But it doesn't do very well even in this respect. Though possessing a superior natural environment, the countryside is often notorious for its lack of amenities, facilities, and public service. Without the concentration of a large population, it is not economically viable to provide large-scale public service or build facilities that are commonplace in urban areas. For instance, one may have to wait for days before a plumber comes to fix a ruptured water pipe or dirve hours to reach a clinic. In fact, rural inhabitants are known for their hardiness and self-reliance.

  Isolation and loneliness are often associated with a rustic life. The countryside is still sparsely populated, with people living miles away from each other. You are lucky to see a soul or two a day. All too often you only have your family and pets for company. Although the telephone and Internet allow you to contact the outside world, you will still feel alienated because of the lack of face-to-face interaction.

  For those seeking a quiet life, the countryside is the best place. But for most people, the outlook is not so rosy. As it often turns out, a sojourn in the countryside from time to time allows you to get the best of both worlds.