  Should the teacher in physical education class encourage the students to be more competitive or urge them to cooperate with one another? What is your opinion?

  Competition is everywhere. We can get a vivid taste of it when we watch the Olympic Games, where the best athletes try their uttermost to outdo each other. So it seems natural that students should learn to compete at an early age.

  A sense of competition can certainly bring about improvement, which explains why one can run faster when he is running with other runners. Most people are lazy by nature and easily contented. They require some kind of incentive in the form of victory over others or humiliation when defeated. Without competition, they will lose their drive to better themselves.

  However, competition is not the sole driving force toward excellence. Cooperation is essential to success. Most sports require cooperation between all team members, football, basketball, for example. To defeat another team, all team members must work together, adjusting to and communicating with each other. The total synergy is far more important than the strength of an individual player. A case in point is the Chinese National Football Team. It is generally agreed that its chronic poor performance is more due to its collective strategy than the skills of individual players. After all, rarely can one accomplish much all by himself.

  Besides, compared to competition, cooperation gives a greater impetus to progress. Whereas the urge to improve provided by competition is based on personal gratification, i.e. the seeking of glory and victory and the avoidance of pain and humiliation, that of cooperation is grounded on one's devotion to a common goal. To put it simply, to compete one often works for himself; to cooperate one works for others. One will try his uttermost because his performance will affect others and because he can't bear the thought of letting others down.

  Indeed, aside from physical education classes, students are daily engaged in competition and cooperation. While giving competition its due credit, we should encourage students to cooperate with each other because success is not achieved by defeating others but by improving ourselves.
