  Nowadays computers are widely used in education. As a result, some people think teachers no longer play important roles in classrooms. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

  Invented less than a hundred years ago, computers are now used everywhere, even inside classrooms. While teachers remain more or less the same, computers are doubling in speed and capability every four years. In light of the increasing presence and importance of computers in classrooms, people can't help wondering whether teachers are as important as they once were. As far as I am concerned, teachers still play a major role and are still of great importance.

  It is well known that computers are better at repetitive work but incapable of creative thinking. However advanced they may be, computers are nothing more than human contrivances, programmed to perform certain tasks. They are unable to deal with students from different backgrounds. Needless to say, a classroom is a place where individual attention and creativity matter most. Therefore, computers are no better than other tools used by teachers and couldn't possibly undermine the roles played by them.

  It might be argued that in terms of accuracy and the amount of information, computers outshine humans; but to make a good teacher means far more than being an encyclopedia where one can access all relevant information. Indeed, a good teacher organizes and inspires the students, putting them into different groups and sharing with them his or her own experience and understanding of a certain subject. Instead of being the source of knowledge, a teacher is more like a guide who shows students the right path toward their destination.

  Besides, the interaction between students and teachers is vital for the learning. According to most education authorities, real learning occurs during the discussion and sharing of ideas with one's teacher and classmates, which is a task beyond the power of computers. Moreover, a teacher is there to monitor every slight change in students' attitudes, and to respond to and encourage them whenever they show signs of frustration and impatience. Without this kind of interaction, education is unimaginable.

  In conclusion, despite the increasing presence of computers inside classrooms, teachers are just as essential, if not more so, as instructors were in the past. Some inherent drawbacks make it impossible for computers to replace teachers in classrooms where creative thinking and interpersonal skills are vital to ensure success.