  Education is of vital importance to individual development and social progress. What should education consist of in order to fulfill both ends?

  Educational expenditure in most developed countries, the United States, for instance, often outstrips that in other areas. From this, we can see the importance attached to education. Teachers and educators in China are enjoying better salaries as people start to reap the benefits of a highly educated workforce. Ideally, education should contribute to personal advancement and social development.

  To achieve personal growth and success, one needs in-depth knowledge of a certain discipline. Every branch of knowledge is worth pursuing provided that you don't merely scratch the surface. No real interest can be fostered by just dipping into a subject. Without interest, learning becomes not a pleasure, but a burden to be endured for the sake of getting a diploma, which is often a prerequisite to a decent job. To really develop one's abilities, one needs to focus on his or her major. Enormous amount of time and energy are required to pursue a discipline or a perfect skill. Unfortunately, college students in China are often distracted by taking many irrelevant courses in which they are not remotely interested. It is the experts and specialists that prevail in the increasingly competitive society. Of course, it is also essential to have a general knowledge of relevant subjects because many disciplines are interrelated.

  To promote social progress, schools need to provide moral and ethical education. The development of a society calls for genuine cooperation and harmony among its people. No society can develop if all its citizens are engaged in a rat race for personal gains with no regard for each other. With a lowering of moral and ethical standards, people start to scramble for their personal interests at all costs. Fraud, bribery, and corruption become rampant. Therefore, people need to be educated morally, ethically, and psychologically. It is not enough for one to become powerful; one should be a good man above anything else. Just think about the untold atrocities caused by those evil men wielding enormous power.

  Education is a lifelong process, the importance of which can be hardly exaggerated. As things stand now, there is always room for improvement. A well-balanced education will be most conducive to individual and social progress.