Nowadays, distance-learning programs have gained in popularity (those teaching programs that involve the use of written materials, videos, televised lessons, and the Internet), but some people argue that courses can never be as good as those taken by attending a college or university in person. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

A growing number of people are considering distance education, which allows them to complete a degree at home. I would argue that this new form of education can achieve similar learning outcomes as attending courses in person, despite some differences.

Distance education has numerous means of helping students grasp the content of each lecture and widen their knowledge. Students are instructed to read relevant materials and do quizzes to ensure that they understand all key concepts and theories. They watch prerecorded lessons, which are similar to those taught in a conventional educational setting. When they have problems digesting information, they can click the pause button and replay the video until they fully understand the content. In this regard, they can learn as much as they do in a traditional university course.

Numerous distance learning programs have also adopted advanced online communication tools, enabling students to communicate with professors as effectively as they do in face-to-face meetings. Students can raise questions in virtual classrooms or talk to speakers via video chat programs and emails. They can receive lecturers' guidance immediately about how to understand the content of each lesson. The rise of live streaming even empowers famous scholars, wherever they live or work, to give a talk in real-time, and people feel as if they go to lecture personally.

On the other hand, distance education may not offer students the opportunity to acquire knowledge beyond textbooks. Completing a course at home means that their communication with lectures is limited to practice or exams and that they have minimal interactions with fellow students. It is difficult for them to draw inspiration from casual conversations with others in terms of learning methods, work experience, and the art of dealing with some real-life problems, such as handling office politics from people who have experience in management positions. They can learn theories but hardly gain non-academic knowledge as they do in a traditional educational context.

In conclusion, distance learning courses are similar to those in a brick-and-mortar lecture hall in terms of knowledge acquisition, although attending university in person may be a more rewarding experience.