There are lots of difficulties for the new students on the first day in a high school or college because they feel lonely. What are the difficulties they may face on the first day? What can the school or college do to solve these problems?

It is always hard to adapt to new environments. Children often have to be cajoled to spend their first day in elementary school. Even for high school or college students, the first day at school can still be a problem. Only a few can pass that day totally undisturbedly.

There is a lot to do on the first day. They must get registered, find their dorms, check out the class schedule, and so on. These tasks can be exhausting because there are always queues to stand in. Being unfamiliar with the campus, those freshmen would have trouble finding their way around. Even with the help of parents, most of them take several days just to settle down.

Apart from those physical challenges, they are psychological ones. Loneliness is always experienced during the first few days. Having no friends, those freshmen will actually feel lonely. And this feeling is intensified by their unfamiliarity with the place. Everything seems strange to them. The more optimistic ones would set out to explore a bit, while others keep to themselves and begin to think about their old friends and schools.

Most of them are further troubled by a sense of uncertainty. Any change is likely to bring fear and worry. We are used to the old ways and naturally resent any alteration. Those students don't know if they can get along with their classmates or whether they can do well academically. They long for a better tomorrow but fear it will turn out worse than yesterday.

Those problems are natural but not unavoidable. Something can be done by the school as well as the students. It will make a great difference if the school can simplify the registration procedure and provide better orientation programs. Students can dispel their loneliness and get to know each other if the school can arrange some activities for each class.