  Education used to be a period of schooling. But now people regard it as a lifelong process. Do you agree or disagree?

  The word education usually refers to formal education, starting from primary school to college or further still. But learning is something we do all the time and at all ages. So in a larger sense, education, or learning, should last a lifetime.

  To really master a subject one needs to devote his whole life to it. In nearly all fields, the accumulation of knowledge through the generations makes it impossible for any individual, even the most gifted ones, to become an expert in just a few years. Any academic or scholastic achievement requires years of hard work and persistence. Even if we have no scholastic pursuits and just do an ordinary job, we still need years to perfect certain skills to excel or even to survive at the workplace because all the repetitive work is now handled by machines and we are supposed to tackle tasks that require a certain amount of skill and knowledge.

  Besides, science and technology are advancing at breathtaking speed. It is estimated that the total amount of knowledge doubles every 20 years and the speed is accelerating. Fifty percent of what we learn at college will become outdated in ten years' time. Indeed, change is omnipresent. It can overwhelm us if we don't learn to adapt. If a man a century ago were revived today, he would not be able to perform many of the daily tasks. He has to learn how to use the TV, the computer, the ATM, etc.

  In fact, lifelong education is desirable to many people. It is not an unavoidable chore but a pleasure. This kind of education need not be very formal and rigid. We can pick up a book and read a few pages at our leisure; we can turn on the computer and watch a live demonstration. It depends on us and can be a refreshing experience. It is human nature to explore and satisfy our seemingly insatiable curiosity.

  It is indeed never too old to learn. The changing world and intensifying competition require it. Besides, mankind is inherently curious and knowledge-hungry.