  It is better for students to live away from home while studying at university than to live with parents. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

  Many college students choose to move out of their parental home and live in university accommodation or share flats with friends. In my opinion, they can benefit from this option, although their bonding with family may suffer.

  One benefit of leaving home is that young people can develop independence. Without the support and guidance of parents, they should make decisions independently on a wide range of issues, such as the length of the lease, choosing a flatmate, and refurnishing the flat they rent if necessary. Apart from their decision-making ability, they also develop a variety of skills, including managing the monthly budget and keeping a house, which can prepare them for challenges in their working lives. For example, tidying up the bedroom every day is fundamentally an organizational skill, which is essential when they expect to keep office documents in an orderly fashion and complete routine tasks efficiently when they enter the workforce.

  Living separately from their parents also means that young people enjoy greater freedom in social life and enhance interpersonal skills. They do not need to go home every day and report to parents about their daily activities, so they have more free time to make new friends, such as joining some clubs, going to the gym, attending parties and even taking up a part-time job. They can sharpen their social skills by conversing with people from all walks of life in different settings. They can build a network of contacts, which is of value to their career in the future as they have more personal resources to draw upon.

  On the other hand, some young people should be aware that they have to combat the sense of loneliness when living apart from family. They may not be able to eat meals with their parents every day to enjoy bonding with family and solicit advice when they experience difficulties in their education. In order to maintain a sense of independence, some students may choose to hide their feelings even when they cannot cope with challenges alone. They will stay aloof from parents after graduation, as they do not see the value in maintaining close contact with family.

  To sum up, I agree with the idea of living independently when young people start university, despite the possible impact on family life.