  It is right that college graduates earn higher salaries than the less well-educated in the community. But they should also pay the full cost of their study. Do you agree or disagree with this statement?

  College graduates in China are having a hard time getting employed, more often than not, even on quite unappealing terms. It began to dawn on people that a college education is no guarantee for decent jobs. Besides, even if the assumption that better education means better jobs is true, it is still wrong not to provide any financial assistance to students.

  In reality, college graduates are far from enjoying higher salaries than those without a diploma. Actually, an employee should be rewarded as per his or her contribution to the company, which should be measured by using objective criteria as much as possible. Besides, one's performance at work often doesn't have much to do with the amount of education one receives except in some knowledge-intensive fields. All too often, skilled blue-collar workers who haven't finished high school are paid much better than degree holders. Work experience, interpersonal skills, and teamwork are far more valued by employers. Long gone are the days when college education guarantees enviable salaries.

  Contrary to common belief, a college education is much more than an investment made by the individual in the hope of getting a higher return upon graduation. Education is essential to social progress. A university does not and should not act as a career training center, whose aim is merely to prepare students for the work ahead. Rather, a college education cultivates the mind of the student and improves one's overall abilities. With more people receiving higher education, the whole nation benefits in numerous ways. Thus, it is fitting that gifted students with potential not be barred from universities simply because they cannot foot the bill.

  Although college education no longer automatically translates into decent salaries, its appeals to youngsters have never been stronger. Adequate grants and scholarships should be set aside to alleviate the financial burdens of those underprivileged students.
