Some people who have been successful in society don't attribute their success to the theoretical knowledge they learned from their university. Do you agree that theoretical knowledge is not as valuable as expected?

It seems that many people have achieved career success without any experience in completing a university education. This may be true in some cases, but I do not agree with the notion that the knowledge gained in university is of little value to one's career achievement. 

By learning basic theories, people can gain insight into the concepts and principles of their favorite subjects, which pave the way for their career success. Jobs today have become specialized and people who have an in-depth knowledge of their professions can solve complex problems and gain a competitive edge over their peers. For example, a psychiatrist cannot determine the best treatment, unless he or she has a deep understanding of all theories about mental disorders. He or she can even earn a reputation for a deep analysis of some complex mental health problems, such as depression, and publish relevant papers to share their findings. This kind of success cannot be attained by intuition or luck.

Another reason is that knowledge is a source of innovation. Theories make it possible for people to broaden their minds and develop creative solutions to problems, which help them achieve fame and wealth. For instance, an engineer who has multidisciplinary knowledge in material science mechanics can design an engine that can perform well in freezing weather, and earn profit from this innovation. By comparison, a technician who is trained to repair an engine cannot make this technological breakthrough as he or she does not attend university to learn theories about the impacts of different metals and materials on the functioning of engines.

On the other hand, sometimes, theories should not be overvalued. If students apply theories blindly, they will find that theories may not achieve the expected outcomes. One classic example is the application of teamwork as a management practice, which is touted by professors of the business school, but sometimes, group decision making can undermine a company's productivity if a team fails to reach a consensus promptly in dealing with emergencies. If theories are not used skillfully in varying contexts, people will make wrong choices and face undesirable consequences.

In conclusion, theoretical knowledge, if applied correctly, benefits people in their careers.
