Many people think that education is losing its value. Do you agree or disagree?

The number of college students is increasing yearly despite the increasing tuition fees, which are clearly beyond the means of low-income families. This kind of investment in terms of time and money seems to have given sufficient proof of the value of a college education. Yet, it is feared that education, or at least college education, is 'devaluating'.

The claim can be justified only in a narrow sense. It is true that college graduates are experiencing trouble landing decent jobs and that the financial return on the investment in college education seems to be declining. It is also said that many students play truant regularly and only cram before final exams. They attend a university only to get a degree or even to have a good time. Yet, all these are simply the students' own fault or that of poor education quality. A good education is always invaluable.

A College is a place where one can pursue one's own interests. There are professors to guide and inspire you; there are laboratories to provide first-hand experience; there are numerous books waiting to be perused. Prior to college, students often focus on acquiring a general knowledge of various subjects, but college allows them to dive into their majors. Deep and enduring interest can never be cultivated by merely scratching the surface. Besides, students are grouped with like-minded classmates, the interaction with whom adds impetus to their academic pursuit. By talking, sharing, and cooperating with one's peers, one often gets inspired and encouraged and acquires a different perspective.

Education can bring personal improvement in ways other than scholastic achievement. Look at the huge difference between the educated and the illiterate. Education is not merely the imparting of knowledge but also the cultivation of the mind, with the latter being more intangible and subtle. The uneducated tend to be ill-mannered, rude, or even vulgar. We acquire our moral sense when we are taught the heroic deeds of great men and the atrocities caused by evil ones. Left to ourselves, we often subscribe to the pragmatic view of 'ends justify means' and regard nobility and sacrifice as hypocritical.

Therefore, instead of losing its value, education will become all the more essential in a world where we are in danger of being overwhelmed by conflicts and competition among ourselves.