  Some say that students with similar academic abilities should be put in one class. Others believe a class should include students with different academic performances. Discuss.

  In most schools, students are grouped randomly into classes. No account is taken of their academic performances or personal preferences. This practice has been widely hailed as reflecting the principle of equality. It is also asserted by school authorities that most students benefit from these arrangements.

  The class certainly becomes more diversified when students with dissimilar talents are put together. It helps to prevent the classroom from turning into a dull place, where people all have the same predilections and abilities. There is more chance of cooperation among these youngsters because they are often masters in some subjects and laymen in others. They complement each other and often reach win-win solutions by rendering each other help in separate fields. Moreover, such an array of different talents rarely fails to offer new perspectives, which are otherwise unattainable. When a math student sees a circle, he thinks about its diameter and things like that, but an art student would ponder on its symbolic meaning of being a completion.

  However, grouping together students with similar proficiency has its unique appeal. It will be easier to meet the needs of all students since they are similarly inclined. The teachers won't have to take into account the receptive ability of each individual and adjust his syllabus and lesson schedule to ensure no one is left behind. This kind of adjustment often leads to lukewarm class participation from top students. Besides, with students performing on the same level, harmony is often guaranteed among students. No one would be jeered at for being obtuse or foolish. Students can easily get along with each other on equal terms.

  Neither arrangement can accommodate the needs of all students, and it seems hard to get the best of both worlds. A sensible approach would be to take into account students' academic performance and personality.