Some parents maintain that co-education is better for their children while others believe it is better if boys and girls go to single-sex schools. Discuss.

There is almost no single-sex school in China where males and females are equal under most circumstances. However, there have been schools catering exclusively to boys or girls in most Western countries. Experience in both types of schools can be rewarding.

Co-education seems to be the natural mode of education. Males and females are not separated unless absolutely necessary. They can ride on the same bus, eat at the same restaurant, and work in the same company. There is no justification to set up separate schools. Besides, co-ed schools help to reduce prejudice against the opposite sex. By mingling with one another on a daily basis, boys and girls can relinquish the stereotypical view about the other sex. They will find that a girl can be as brave as any boy and that gossiping is also common among boys. Thus, we are equal. Lastly, co-education is usually preferred because it resembles the real world. After their graduation, those students won't have difficulty adjusting to a world where the opposite sex also exists because they have learned how to tolerate, appreciate, and cooperate with each other in school.

On the other hand, single-sex schools have their unique appeals as well. Safety is regarded as the foremost reason for choosing those schools, especially girls' schools. It is safe to send one's kids to a place where they won't be seduced, molested, or even assaulted by the other sex. Of course, this is to assume that none of the teachers and staff is criminally inclined. In addition, the students can focus more on their studies. Free from the burden of co-existing harmoniously with the opposite sex, boys and girls often turn their attention to scholarly pursuits. This might explain why many prominent scientists went to single-sex schools at one time or another. Last but definitely not least, single-sex school bars the possibility of the much-dreaded puppy love among students. This is reassuring as long as the parents have no qualms about their children being driven to homosexuality.

It might be gathered from the above that each type of school has its strengths and weaknesses. Co-ed school seems a natural choice for many, while single-sex schools may be more suited for some. It rather depends on the individual.