  Some people think that in order to improve the quality of education, high school students should be encouraged to evaluate and criticize their teachers, but other people maintain that such evaluation and criticism may cause a loss of respect for teachers and discipline. What do you think?

  Students are nowadays regarded as the most important element of education. So students in some high schools now enjoy the right to evaluate and criticize their teachers to guarantee better teaching from the instructors. Naturally, such practice draws criticism from many conservatives who insist that evaluation and criticism from students interfere with the normal teaching process.

  They do have their reasons. Firstly, teachers have a syllabus to follow and criticism from students may prevent it from being implemented. Second, negative evaluations from the students could harm the relationship between teachers and students. excessive criticism may even breed resentment and hostility at schools.

  Though not entirely groundless, these concerns are just unfounded worries. If students are not allowed to evaluate or criticize the teacher, it is hard for the teacher to find out what the students think or what they need. Without proper feedback from the students, the classroom becomes a place where students are crammed with knowledge considered useful, yet in fact, of little benefit or interest to them. Though the syllabus is set by the school authorities and has long been followed by most teachers, it may as well be altered if it no longer reflects the needs of students. Besides, evaluation and criticism are themselves effective forms of communication, which should be welcomed by teachers because they will benefit a lot when their minds are open to the ideas and honest opinions of the youngsters. Those who feel ashamed to be criticized by their students or are afraid of losing their respect should adopt a more positive attitude instead of being excessively defensive and self-conscious.

  Of course, students' assessments of their teachers may not always be objective or make sense, given that they are still young and impulsive. But I believe their opinions deserve our attention if we are to have a more effective and productive education system.