Many people believe that subjects such as music or sports are not useful. Thus schools should concentrate on subjects that offer better career prospects. What is your opinion?

In a few days' time, the yearly College Entrance Exam is to be held in China. Achieving a high score on the exam is no longer-suffering students, who also face the task of choosing a suitable major. As might be expected, many universities are setting up new departments that offer job-oriented courses or expanding existing ones to enhance their enrollment. As far as I am concerned this lopsided emphasis is not justified.

Career prospects are on most people's minds when choosing a major, but this can hardly justify the overemphasis on certain disciplines. It is not the goal of education to provide job training to students. Education aims to improve one's all-round abilities. It is a gradual process, a cultivation of the mind, which is not easily measured or even perceived. It is short-sighted to concentrate on certain subjects that are supposed to be in great demand. More haste, less speed. There is no way one can acquire all the skills and expertise needed for work through a college education. Internal training at the workplace is always necessary.

Besides, professional skill is not the only thing valued by employers. Indeed, it is hardly the most important consideration. One's overall ability is more regarded. A successful candidate must possess the right personality, adequate interpersonal skills, and the willingness to learn. Only a well-balanced education can ensure all-round development. Employers are increasingly bored and put down by those graduates who know very little outside their major. Music, sports, and other neglected subjects can benefit us in ways we never expected.

Ironically, the overemphasis on certain subjects often backfires. In China, for example, fueled by steady economic growth, most universities rush to set up departments like Accounting, Finance, International Trade, Law, and so on. As a result, the demand for those majors falls behind the supply--thousands of students fail to get employed. In the meantime, there is a shortage of highly educated and qualified workers in some 'unpopular' fields.

Therefore, this kind of imbalance is doing damage to both the individual and society at large. In fact, each subject is just as important as any other. One can excel in any field if he is dedicated enough.