Some people say that children should spend their leisure time on educational activities. Some people believe it is dangerous to put too much pressure on children. What is your opinion?

Compared with their parents, children today are very lucky. An average school student spends some 25 hours per week on leisure activities, not to mention the summer and winter vacations. But competition is getting fiercer, both at school and in the job market. These children really need to spend more time on their studies if they wish to succeed in life. From my point of view, more educational activities will benefit the kids in at least two aspects.

For one thing, better academic performance contributes a great deal to children's future careers. Ours is a world full of competition. In China, only 40 percent of high school graduates are admitted to universities, and still fewer college graduates can land decent jobs after graduation. Even within a company, people vie with one another for better positions. In order to survive and prevail in all these competitions, children need to work the hardest they can when they are young. The knowledge and skills they obtain will give them a big competitive advantage in the workplace.

For another, studying a wide range of subjects leads to an earlier start in one's career. Everyone is inherently gifted in one area or another. But the gift often lay dormant until stumbled upon and cultivated with conscious efforts. If children are encouraged to study more in their leisure time, they will expose themselves to various disciplines. Such exposure helps them identify their career interests earlier than other kids. With such a head start, these children are more likely to succeed in life.

It might be argued that it is dangerous to put too much pressure on children. But actually, educational activities are not necessarily associated with pressure or stress. Outdoor study tours and instructive games, for example, are welcomed by younger and older kids alike. When we incorporate an element of recreation into education, study can become great fun.