  Many schools are troubled by students' behavioral problems. What are the causes? What solutions do you recommend?

  According to my former teacher from America, China probably boasts the best students in terms of orderly behavior. However, I still find it hard to tolerate some students both in and outside the classroom. The situation seems to be deteriorating in China. The causes are manyfold.

  In the first place, children today are generally spoiled. Since China implemented the one-child policy, most families are allowed only one kid, who is usually regarded as the apple of the parents' eye. Together with two maternal and paternal grandparents, parents go too far in the attempt to provide their child with everything. Hence, the kid is used to getting what they want. Taking their parents' love for granted, those kids become unappreciative and self-centered. They tend to show little respect for their teachers, regarding them as nothing more than paid employees hired by their parents.

  Being an only child, he or she is also likely to have trouble dealing with classmates in school. With no experience of sharing and compromising with one's siblings, one lacks the necessary interpersonal skills to get along with one's classmates in school, where dozens of students mingle with each other on a daily basis. Had they been taught to be more considerate of others' needs and rights, they would not engage so readily in arguing or fighting with each other.

  Peer pressure is by no means the smallest reason for students' behavior problems. A boy is often jeered at and called mummy's boy by other boys if he is obedient and causes no trouble. In their mind, teenagers, boys at least, should be rebellious and follow no orders. Therefore, many of them assume an indifferent air toward their teachers, parents, and classmates. Studying becomes unimportant for them; they are too engrossed in getting a few cheers from their peers for being manly, daring, and cool. No wonder they intentionally cause some trouble from time to time. Attention and admiration are what they are after.

  It will always be hard to shape the younger generation according to the standards of the older. However, some steps can be taken to address those problems. Giving the youth more responsibility and less privilege would certainly help. Having them work together on a more regular basis can help enhance the understanding and harmony between students.