The reason why some families don't buy television set is that the parents want their children to spend more time on creative thinking or even inventions. Agree or disagree?

All parents want the best for their children. Some of them make every decision for their kids to the extent that they don't even allow their children to watch TV with the hope that they might be more creative. I can hardly endorse this kind of practice.

In the first place, the right to watch TV should not be denied by the parents in this fashion. Notwithstanding their good intention, those parents fail to take into consideration the opinions of their children. More likely than not, youngsters enjoy watching TV. By depriving kids of this right enjoyed by most other children, the parents are at risk of creating tension within the family. Backlashes might be expected when kids are forced to engage in some creative activities while others are watching TV. In their eagerness to guide their children every step of the way, parents sometimes ignore the kids' natural inclination. Unfortunately, it is always a bad idea to work against one's nature.

Secondly, it is a dubious claim that watching TV damages one's creativity. Actually, TV plays a positive role in the intellectual and mental development of children. Of course, many programs are not suited for children, but there are numerous others that help to develop kids' imagination and creativity. Cartoons and commercials, to name just two. Indeed, many artistic and creative people attribute their success partly to what they watched as a child. What's more, TV programs often become topics of mutual interest when kids talk with each other. With no knowledge of any TV program, one is likely to feel isolated from his peers.

It is always wise not to impose too much upon one's children, especially when it comes to something so close to their heart as watching TV. Contrary to common belief, a proper selection of programs is conducive to the development of creativity.
