Some people say that the age of books has passed; information can be accessed via videos, computers, television, films, and so forth. Other people think books and written words will still be essential for information dissemination and education. Discuss both sides and give your opinion.

Books have been with us for thousands of years. Are they going to become obsolete like so many other products once deemed indispensable? Under the onslaught of technological progress, books seem increasingly outdated. However, the total number of books published each year is increasing defiantly.

It must be admitted that books are increasingly being replaced by other types of storage devices. Books are not suited for the storage of video and audio materials. Besides, compact disks and other new storage devices outstrip books in terms of storage capacity, cost-effectiveness, and user-friendliness. It is said that all the books in an average library can be stored in dozens of compact disks, which also allow the user to search, copy, and paste, all with a few strokes of the keyboard. Interaction between the reader and the material is also made possible by computer technology.

Meanwhile, there are strong signs that books are going to remain with us for a long time. Books are by far the most convenient way to disseminate information. Just count the number of magazines published each day around the world. They are cheap, easy to carry and don't require electricity. Besides, a book allows you to read at your own pace; you can pause to ponder when necessary or you can skip some tedious parts. Books are tangible and give you a sense of achievement when you finish one whereas the completion of an e-book affords less satisfaction.

We can rest assured that books will and should not be replaced by some novel electronic devices. We have seen the folly of such doom-day predictions for the radio with the advent of television. The fact remains that different types of media actually complement rather than replace each other. There is every possibility that books will remain and improve as time goes by.
