The cultures of different countries are becoming increasingly similar, so there is no point for people to travel abroad for they could have the same experience at home. Do you agree or disagree?

Granted that cultures in various countries start to resemble one another, which is by no means to a large extent, it is still worthwhile to travel to other countries to appreciate what can only be obtained on foreign soil.

Superficially, the world's culture is merging faster than we expected or could tolerate. That is partly why people get the same experience no matter where they go. If travel means getting on a plane, staying in a hotel, going to some museums, and doing some shopping, then it could be quite similar in all the major cities around the world. But traveling should not be limited to this nonsense. It means much more and therefore renders each trip a new experience.

To travel is to get to know the local people. People may wear the same kind of clothes, eat the same kinds of food, and do similar jobs, but they are different from country to country. An ordinary Chinese could hardly believe that a total stranger in America would dismantle his own bike and replace your ruptured tire with one of his own if he had never been to that country. Media reports and second-hand information can never compare with your personal interaction with the local people during your stay there.

Apart from knowing the people, traveling affords you incomparable opportunities to appreciate the natural beauties of a foreign country. Admittedly, the Internet, satellite TV, and multi-media technology are bringing the world closer to us. It is now easy to view exotic landscapes on a screen in the comfort of your home; virtue reality technology promises three-dimensional experiences at the touch of a fingertip. However, is this vicarious experience really satisfying? Hardly. Travel brings us closer to nature, the wonders of which can only be truly appreciated firsthand.

There is hope that technology will one day supply all the experiences we ever wish to have, which sounds exhilarating yet perhaps also disconcerting--it reminds me of the movie `The Matrix`. Also, people will remain unique enough to excite our desire to meet them in person.
