More and more people want to buy clothes, cars and other items with famous brands. What are the reasons? Is it a positive or negative development?

In today's modern era, people tend to purchase clothes, cars and other items from well-known brands. The chief reasons that could explain this phenomenon are the credibility of famous brands and people's desire to show off their status. Personally, I opine that this is a largely negative development as it leads to the growing disparity between the wealthy and the poor.

There are two main factors that shed light on why people want to buy famous brands' items. First, noted brands offer goods of better quality in comparison with small brands. It can be seen that innumerable counterfeit products are sold at cheaper prices, meaning that buyers can only use them for a short period of time. In contrast, those from popular brand names can be more expensive, but they are credible and give people a sense of satisfaction when using them. Second, people nowadays want to show off their social status or their wealth. A standout example for this is cars from luxurious brands such as Porsche and Mercedes. These are often exorbitant due to their materials and unique features. Hence, they are considered a tool for the rich.

From my perspective, it is apt to say that this trend has a negative impact on the development of society as this might cause various social problems related to the rich and the poor. As impoverished people are rarely provided with lucrative jobs, they might find it extremely challenging to make their ends meet, not to mention buying things from luxurious brands. On the contrary, the wealthy are eligible to not only accommodate their lives with fundamental necessities but also afford expensive goods that could bring them happiness. This discrepancy between rich people and the destitute could result in tension and conflicts within a society.

In conclusion, purchasing things from famous brands is becoming ubiquitous as they are of high quality and could show off the wealth of buyers. However, I argue that this may pose a serious threat to the safety and stability of society.