In the past, people ate local food in season. Nowadays, people buy a variety of food from all over the world. Do the advantages outweigh the disadvantages? Write and essay with no less than 250 words.

The consumption of locally grown seasonal food has been a long-standing practice amongst many societies for generations. However, in recent times, due to the ease of international trade, individuals consume a diverse array of food from all over the world. While the availability of exotic food and the enhancement of taste buds supposed advantages, some negative impacts cannot be ignored. Nevertheless, it is my opinion that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.

Firstly, the advantages of consuming a variety of food from all over the world are numerous. The ease at which shipping and transportation of food allows individuals to gain access to fresh produce or foods that are not grown within their region. This ease of access provides people the opportunity to explore and experiment with food, establish cultural connections, and create a diverse cuisine culture. Furthermore, the ability to sample different foods enhances taste buds, broadens the taste experience and stimulates food creativity.

However, consuming food from different parts of the world does have its disadvantages. One negative impact is the transportation of food. The transportation process emits harmful gases into the atmosphere that negatively affect the environment. Furthermore, transporting food to different regions increases the production of greenhouse gas emissions and leads to other harmful environmental effects such as deforestation.

To conclude, despite the negative impacts of international trade and consumption of food from all over the world, I strongly believe that the advantages are greater. The accessibility of fresh produce and diverse food cultures created by access to various foods overshadows negative environmental impacts. It is, therefore, better to embrace food diversity and enjoy the enhancement of taste experience and cultural connections.