  Many people believe that we have developed into a 'throw-away society' which is filled with plastic bags and rubbish. Do you agree or disagree?

  It is indeed true that everything comes at a price. We are paying through the nose in terms of environmental damage for the conveniences we enjoy nowadays. The world is becoming a throw-away society, where the amount of garbage is increasing daily.

  Of course, disposable items have to be used under some circumstances. Indeed, it is imperative to use disposable needles and syringes in hospitals to prevent contagion among patients. It would also be preferable if throw-away plates and spoons were used in restaurants out of sanitary consideration. At present those low-cost disposable plates and spoons are far from comfortable and biodegradable. Even so, they are used on a huge scale in China and many other countries.

  Yet, disposable items are not only used in the medical and catering industry. They are virtually everywhere. There was a time when things were built to last when durability was highly regarded. Today, people don't want to use the same thing all the time even if it is in perfect order. We have become less sentimental or nostalgic, which reveals itself not only in our discarding of old things but also in our reduced reluctance to abandon old friends. To many, everything is dispensable.

  Recycling seems the only way to prevent the total inundation of the planet by the garbage produced over generations. People are unlikely to give up their conveniences easily. The demand for goods will increase inexorably, putting more strain on garbage disposal. Therefore, recycling offers the best hope. Not only miraculous but also essential is the idea of turning waste into treasures. It is estimated that 60 percent of rubbish can be recycled quite economically. With improved technology, recycling will make more economic and environmental sense in the days to come.

  The throw-away society, as some call it, is mainly the result of technological development and our change of attitude. The conviction that nothing will last is reinforced by the constant changes brought by technology. Without going into the rights and wrongs of this attitude, I am convinced that recycling is essential to the survival of mankind in the future.