  It is sometimes said that borrowing money from a friend can harm or damage the friendship. Do you agree? Why or why not? Use specific reasons to explain your view.

  There is an old Chinese saying to the effect that an accurate account of debts should always be kept even among brothers. In China at least, borrowing money has become a taboo subject: people steer clear of it whenever possible because one often gets humiliated by failing to borrow the money. Loaning money is becoming rare even among cronies.

  Personally, I cannot accept the claim that one risks his friendship if he borrows money from his friends. The friends discussed here refer to real friends. By nature, friends are supposed to be there for you and help each other out. The assistance rendered to a friend can be as small as a gentle nudge or as great as saving one's life. All is done unconditionally and spontaneously. We don't object to borrowing our friends' cars, yet somehow we treat money differently. In fact, there is no justification for this kind of special treatment. Money is just another favor your real friends are to grant you. They will lend you the money if they can reasonably do so, otherwise, they will say sorry. There are no hard feelings.

  If anything, this only serves to strengthen their friendship. Even real friends are sometimes not convinced of the authenticity of their friendship. They don't know how good a friend the other person is because there is never a chance to test their friendship. A friend in need is a friend indeed. Those who lend and repay you money are those to be trusted because money can bring out the best and worst in most people. I once lent RMB 30 yuan to a college classmate but was told by others that I wouldn't get the money back because he was notorious for not paying it back. However, I thought he was an honest man by heart and trusted him. Sure enough, I got my money back and we became friends.

  There are friends who fall out over disputes about money. However, can we call them real friends? It is over money matters that trust and friendship are built and reciprocated.