  Some people say that telling the truth is not always essential and that it is necessary to tell lies sometimes. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement? Give specific reasons to support your ideas.

  Liar, liar, pants on fire, goes an old saying. We have been told not to lie since childhood, but as we grow up, we find that everybody tells lies from time to time. In fact, I believe lies do seem a sensible choice on some occasions.

  Some white lies certainly serve some purposes. We all have had the experience of toiling at something for a long while but making no apparent progress. What we need in such circumstances is encouragement, which may sometimes come from lies instead of the truth. Take language learning for example. The process of learning a language, especially a foreign language, is a long and arduous one. The learner may often feel that no progress has been made despite all his efforts. If, at this point, someone tells him that his English is much better than before--even though it may not be true--he will soon regain his confidence and continue his learning with a more positive attitude. But if what he hears is the harsh truth--little progress can be seen in his English--chances are that he will soon lose heart and give it up altogether. Thus we see that telling lies can sometimes be beneficial.

  Lies may also be told so as to cushion the blow or shield people from harsh realities. It is, for example, often wiser not to tell some terminally ill patients that they are dying in three weeks and nothing could be done to prolong their lives because many would be devastated by the news and even suffer a nervous breakdown, which often leads to further deterioration. 'Ignorance is kind' goes the old saying.

  Of course, we should not lie unless absolutely necessary. Before telling untruth, we need to ask ourselves: am I doing this for the sake of others or out of our own consideration? Will others thank us for being so considerate or will they feel betrayed? We need to be very careful about telling lies because nobody enjoys being lied to and dishonesty often ruins long-established relationships.