Detailed description of crimes on newspaper and TV can have bad consequences on society, so this kind of information should be restricted on media. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement? Write an essay with no less than 250 words.

The media plays a significant role in informing society about the crimes happening within their community, but it is controversial whether the media should provide detailed descriptions of the crimes. Some people believe that this kind of information should be restricted, while others disagree. In my view, the media should report crimes with moderation to protect the society from the negative effects they can bring.

One of the reasons why detailed descriptions of crime on media should be limited is that it may lead to an excessive amount of fear among the public. When the media reports crimes with a lot of details, it can create a sense of panic and anxiety, making community members feel like they are powerless to protect themselves. Fearful populations tend to take actions that are not necessary or even harmful, such as carrying weapons and disrespecting other people's privacy. Thus, media outlets should limit the amount of crime details they report to reduce the anxiety and panic in the society.

Another argument against the excessive reporting of crime on media contends that it can be detrimental to the accused individual's reputation. Frequently, media reports provide a biased, one-sided view of the accused individual, leading to negative perceptions from the public. While the individual has not been proven guilty, the negative attitude taht media creates can make it difficult for the accused to receive a fair trial. It can also lead to individuals with criminal records being discriminated against when it comes to job opportunities and social relationships.

In conclusion, I agree that detailed descriptions of crimes should be restricted on media. The media has massive power to shape the society's views, and reporting all the details of crime can lead to negative effects such as panic and anxiety among the public and a biased perception of the accused individual. By reporting on crime in moderation, the media can effectively communicate without causing unnecessary panic and ensuring fair trials.