  Waste disposal presents increasing problems, especially in urban areas. What do you think are the causes? Give some suggestion to the government and individuals on how to reduce the amount of rubbish.

  I didn't have a clear idea of how much garbage we produce each day until I saw a landfill on television where truckloads after truckloads of rubbish were dumped each day. If things go on without control, there will be no place for mankind in the future.

  All the garbage is man-made. The extensive use of dispensable items is the main culprit. Recent decades have seen a ten-fold increase in the amount of waste produced in major cities around China. Fifty percent of that garbage is dispensable items such as plastic bags and food boxes, most of which are not biodegradable. In our quest for convenience, we give no thought to environmental friendliness.

  The problem is compounded by the poor efforts we made at recycling. Many of the things we throw out can be recycled, which not only reduces the amount of rubbish we produce but makes sound economic sense. Actually, huge profits could be made by reclaiming waste products. However, many people don't see the importance of recycling or bother to throw a recyclable item to the garbage bin marked 'recyclable'.

  Lastly, rapid population growth in urban areas is also responsible for the increase in garbage. Each year, millions of immigrant workers from rural areas swarm into big cities in search of work. Not regarding the city as their home, they often have no qualms about doing some damage to the environment by throwing rubbish everywhere, which often makes garbage collection and disposal impossible. Consequently, some garbage is left unattended for months.

  Measures can and should be taken to address this issue. People should be educated to increase their environmental awareness. Incentives should be given by the government to encourage citizens to reduce the use of disposable items and recycle as much as possible. If possible, more factories and companies should move to the countryside to prevent the influx of immigrant workers to the cities. While these may cause some inconveniences, we will be amply rewarded with a better environment.