Some people think the manufacturers or shopping malls should sell less packaged products and others argue that people have the responsibility to buy products with less packaging. Discuss both views and give your own opinion.

There is a growing tendency among manufacturers to present their products in excess packaging and supermarkets exhibit them to attract customers, who are often lured by such products. In order to reduce the amount of packaging, all the parties involved in creating such a trend should make a joint effort in this direction.

Since many people today equate with superior packaging, companies would not often take the risk of reducing it for fear of losing their market share. However, branded companies that are already established in the market can experiment with simple covering, without the fear of losing the popularity of their products. But it has to be done with wide publicity through the media and the financial benefits should be passed on to customers, or else, it could sometime become counter productive. For example, multinational companies like 'Colgate' can successfully give up expensive packaging of their toothpaste with economical alternatives.

Similarly, customers also have a role to play, by showing greater interest towards items in simple packing. This would motivate an increasing number of producers to pack their products using inexpensive materials. Supermarkets would also be encouraged to showcase such products with greater visibility.

On the other hand, the amount of packaging also indicates the need to ensure the durability, safety, and freshness of products. For instance, most instant foods are packed in several layers using expensive materials like aluminium foil and superior plastic, with the purpose of longer shelf life. Hence, lighter packaging of products should be introduced only after taking these aspects into consideration.

In conclusion, manufacturers, supermarkets, and customers have a collective role in reducing the amount of packing of products.