  Some people believe that damage to the environment is an inevitable consequence of the improvement of living standards. What is your opinion?

  The city where I live is increasingly teeming with high-rise apartment buildings. As can be expected, trees are cut down to make room for those constructions. People are plagued by air and noise pollution as a result of the booming economy. As things now stand, we are paying too dear a price for the development. 

  Even the most developed countries are troubled by environmental issues. In fact, the more developed a nation is, the more severe the problem. To sustain a prosperous economy, factories and companies have to be in full operation and the workforce must put in long hours. Industrial wastes cost a lot to be disposed of. The huge energy consumption depletes the natural resources at an unsustainable rate. There is every sign that the environment must be sacrificed to some extent for the sake of the world economy. However, we are making a blunder by equating economic prosperity with better living standards.

  A better life should be a life closer to nature. What we are now working so hard for is a mass-produced, standardized, seemingly comfortable life. It is true that we can now have computers, cars, and larger houses, but something more valuable is being lost. We can no longer breathe clean air, have a quiet walk in the woods, or even look at the stars because they are being obscured by smog and artificial light at night.

  Hence, we need to curb the frantic pace of development in order to protect the environment and ironically to improve the quality of life. Our science and technology should be directed to creating harmony between mankind and nature. A better environment means much more than material comforts. Besides, by slowing down a little bit, people's lives become less stressful. To have a better life, we need to take it easy.

  The current environmental damage is the consequence of our misguided conception that material wealth is tantamount to a better life. Environmental protection won't stand in the way of our pursuit of a really better life.