Nowadays more and more people want to get things instantly (services, information, tasks). Do you think it is a positive or negative development?

Technical advancement has created a new world, that no one could have imagined in previous eras. Although it has brought flexibility, and comfort and standardized the way of living, it has also increased the demand in people to get things done as quickly as possible, in other words, human beings have become impatient. In my opinion, this behavior of human beings is taking them away from humanity and intellectual values.

There are three key factors cultivating this kind of habit in civilians, firstly, due to expectation. As people spend exorbitant amount in buying any product or service, they expect things to get delivered or become available on time. For example, if a person buys the latest car model and delivery doesn't happen on the expected time, the person becomes impatience and may have to procrastinate the plan because of delay in delivery. Secondly, due to their busy lifestyle people do not want to waste their time in waiting for anything, as everyone is running around for achieving some goal and in this situation wasting time can ruin anything. Lastly, people want to show off their opulence to other by acquiring any new gadget or vehicle, which incite envy in other and creates a desire to get those things instantly. So all the above points clearly indicate the reason which is encouraging this behavior in human beings.

All these reasons are making human being less patience and more arrogant, and dragging them towards inhumanity. To exemplify, when a person order food online and due to some valid reasons if a delivery boy deliver the food after expected time. The customer without asking for any justification shouts on a delivery boy, which shows the inhumanity in a person because of impatience. Similarly, there are other reasons which implies that desire of inhabitant are dragging us to the dark side.

To sum up, human beings have become impact ice with time, which is indirectly leading them to lose our cultural values and ethnic values.