Nowadays more and more people want to get things instantly (services, information, tasks). Do you think it is a positive or negative development?

People these days have become more time oriented and expects to get all sorts of jobs done quickly. Any activity or process taking longer time than usual is not being favored by the society. This essay will evaluate the reasons behind this psychology and its positive consequences.

In this fast-paced world, every individual seems to be running to keep up with their goals. Moreover, the advancement in technology since past few decades has automated myriad of activities. For example, before internet era, people used to browse through books and journals to search for particular information. Whereas any sort of information is now available on the click of a button, thanks to the internet. Similarly, to perform many of the daily routine tasks for instance paying the bills, people used to earlier stand in long queues and wait for their turn, on the other hand, bills can be paid online now in a jiff. All these technical innovations have made life easier and more convenient. Consequently, people have become less patient and desire to achieve their work rapidly.

This shift in the mindsets is majorly a positive development and is beneficial to society. Getting multiple things done in a shorter span of time has lead to increase in productivity. Time saved in performing a task can be utilized later on in an effective way. For instance, before the birth of messages and email systems, people used to post letters to communicate business and personal related matters. These snail mails used to take 10 to 15 days to get delivered thereby delaying decisions on important subjects. On the contrary, sending an email to someone takes just a second.

To sum up, it's a fact that people prefer less turnaround time in the case of many routine activities. This has improved the overall quality of life leading to a less stressful and more peaceful life.