  Some people think science contributes more to society; others believe subjects such as language or business make a bigger contribution. What's your opinion?

  Science is a rather broad category. In this essay, science refers to natural science as opposed to social science, which also includes economic and business theory. While all subjects contribute to the progress of mankind, science should get the most credit.

  Without a doubt, social science, such as philosophy, language, and economics, is of great importance to civilization. Natural science, in its modern sense, came into being only in the past few decades. Before that, philosophy provided an explanation for most natural occurrences. Basic theories and practices in business and trade did much to increase the material wealth of our society. Of course, spoken and written languages made possible the development of all other subjects.

  However, all these cannot be compared with the wonders and miracles created by natural science. As per its very definition, natural science deals with nature. It is our way to understand and tap our Mother Nature. Through science and technology, we made numerous inventions that vastly improve and facilitate our daily lives, from cars, and computers, to cell phones. It is beyond the wildest dreams of our ancestors, who didn't enjoy the benefits of modern science, we can see each other thousands of miles apart.

  What is even more important is that the scientific method is transforming our ways of thinking. We are becoming more objective in our assessment of issues we encounter in our lives. Science is the weapon against superstition and tyranny. It has taught people the right way to approach a problem no supposition or assertion can be valid unless it can be proved by experiments. This way of thinking can assure continuing progress in all our undertakings.

  Thanks to science, mankind keeps making progress both materially and spiritually. Natural science and social science are both employed in our everlasting quest toward a total understanding of the world, neither of which can be discarded.