Many employers believe that good social skills are as important as good qualiﬁcations to succeed in a job, so they are employing people who have good social skills. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Nowadays, social skills have become a significant requirement for employers to consider in recruitment. Therefore, I strongly agree that social skills are as important as good qualifications for success in the job.

First, good social skills are an advantage that facilitates employees's jobs such as shortening time to complete work, facilitating processes, and achieving superior results. In the office environment, good relationship with colleagues makes a substantial contribution to successful work due to effortless receiving assistants when needed. For example, coworkers may give more straightforward support to people they like than those they barely know. Predecessors with whom new hires have good relations are also willing to share their own valuable experiences and great instructions. For that reason, those new hires have better chances to learn the processes of a new job and shorten the time for adaptation.

Second, many people argue that highly qualified employees still greatly perform their jobs without good social skills such as engineers, scientists, adventurers, and astronomers. However, those jobs only take a small percentage of workers in the employing market with some special subjects. The remains of the laboring market still prefer individuals who have high social skills as they bring better contributions to companies. For example, employees with wide connections can increase the chance of finding new customers and maintaining old ones, thus good for business. Furthermore, they easily approach the related events and news that profoundly impact business such as new policies, activities of competitors, volatile markets, and considerable contributing to the success of corporations. 

In conclusion, social skills have an important role in employment requirements as qualifications and should be taken into serious consideration by employers when conducting recruitment. Not only do great social skills have substantial advances in internal activities in the office, but those skills are also notably outside benefits to companies as mentioned above.