Throughout the history, people dream to live in a perfect society while they haven't agreed how the ideal society would be like. Which factor is the most important for building a perfect society? What should people do to achieve this goal?

It is true that most people in the world have dream to live in a ideal society and been searching for achieving this perfection. In my opinion, there are uncountable indicators created in a way to meet people's needs and this essay will discuss these factors and the way to reach lifegoal achievement.

To begin with, several aspects should be taken into consideration in the way to build a perfect society. One of the number one leading points is preserving human rights. To be more specific, a reasonable public welfare system is the foundation of a stable society by playing insurance for individuals when they are unemployed or sick, which can provide citizens with a sense of safety. Besides, having good infrastructure and services can be one of the requirements to achieve such a perfect goal. It's an essential part of fulfilling people's meet. Take people living in Melbourne for example. This city is acclaimed as the most livable in the world and residents can be classified to live in a perfect society.

Apart from elements making an ideal society, much effort has to be taken for fulfilling this dream. At first, the authorities can held a survey every week in order to collect the opinions from the public in different fields. Once if the government can deeply understand what is the citizen need, they can make an improvement in response. Moreover, financial budget should be allocated to focus more on individuals's basic needs and infrastructure construction to enhance living standard. At the end, living in an ideal world could be no longer a dream.

In conclusion, different countries have different development tracks and historic backgrounds. Although it is still a long way to go for perfect society, I firmly believe that if the governent take steps accurately, we can achieve in nearly future.