  It has been argued that we are living in a throw-away society in which people throw away what they use in daily life, instead of recycling or reusing it. Why has this happened and how can we address this problem?

  People today tend to use products only once instead of keeping these items for a long time. It is important to understand why this throw-away culture has developed and how to reverse this trend.

  One possible explanation is that technological development has made different products highly affordable for most consumers. Technological innovations in the manufacturing industry have allowed for the mass production of some products that were previously costly, such as mobile phones, computers, and refrigerators. This has fueled the demand for these items, especially in countries that have become increasingly prosperous in the past few decades. Consumers rush to purchase the latest models of different products, which have innovative features they desire and hardly consider it necessary to retain those items they own.

  The lack of environmental awareness is another cause of this problem. Many people do not realize that their spending habits can have a destructive effect on the environment. The energy sector currently generates enormous amounts of power by using fossil fuels, which will continue to pump greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. Apart from this, most of the products people throw away will end up in landfills. These goods, either household appliances or electronic devices, take decades to decompose, and can even secrete toxins that pollute underground water and degrade land.

  Two measures can be taken to tackle the above-mentioned problems. First of all, it is important to educate the public about the environmental cost of their lifestyles. Environmental groups or government departments should provide information about the environmental damage caused by a product throughout its life cycle, from manufacturing to disposal, so people are motivated to use it longer. The government can also choose to introduce laws to make consumer goods costly. Higher prices can put people under pressure to avoid or cut down on the consumption of some goods. One example is forbidding supermarkets to provide bags for free, thereby encouraging consumers to use their own shopping bags repeatedly.

  To summarise, technological progress in the production of consumer goods as well as the lack of environmental awareness creates a throw-away culture. Government action can address this issue.