  Modern technology has greatly influenced people's ways of entertainment, making people less creative. Do you agree or disagree?

  Entertainment has undergone enormous changes since the advent of modern science and technology. Reading, watching traditional operas, and playing chess no longer have much appeal. The latest science and technologies are employed to satisfy our ever-increasing desire for sensual pleasure. While enjoying unprecedented thrills brought by technology, we are becoming less creative as an unfortunate result.

  Take the most popular form of recreation among younger people--computer games for example. It must be admitted that there are all sorts of games catering to people of different ages and genders and some even claim to be educational. But the truth remains that people are attracted to games mainly because of the graphic and audio effects. Swiftly abandoned are those games that demand too much cerebral activities because games are meant to be relaxing and entertaining. Thus, to play most games one only has to use his reflects; there is hardly any thinking involved, let alone creative thinking.

  TV does an even better job of diminishing our creativity. The average amount of time devoted to watching TV makes it a major factor in our intellectual and mental development. When people watch TV, they just passively take in what is presented on the screen. Their eyes are riveted on the screen; their minds go blank. Besides, there is no time for them to pause to reflect and think. Gradually, the habit of passively taking in everything without thinking is reinforced. The appeal of TV lies in the fact that it asks almost nothing of its audience.

  Traditional recreation, on the other hand, helps to develop our creativity. Reading is a case in point. To read a book one has to not only comprehend the sentences but also take in the real meaning. The reader is not distracted by unnecessary pictures or sounds but is focused on the writer's chain of thoughts. He can read at his own pace, constantly evaluating, accepting, or rejecting the author's ideas. It is a really thought-provoking process. Moreover, reading excites our imagination. When reading a novel, for example, the reader has to conjure up pictures based on the written words; it is like watching a silent file in one's mind. The director of that 'film' is the reader himself.

  People's creativity is essential to any society. The decline in creativity can be partly attributed to modern ways of entertainment. By providing almost everything, they leave no room for the audience to think for themselves.