Some people want the government should spend money looking for life on other planets however others think it is a waste of public money when there are so many problems on Earth, government should solve it. Discuss both views.

People have differing views with regard to the areas where public money should be invested in. Some people argue the government should spend money on searching for alien lives on other planets so that human beings may find alternative planets to live in the future. Others, however, oppose this view and believe there are more important concerns on Earth waiting to be addressed.

Supports believe that not only people's everyday lives but also the future of the human race will therefore benefit from launching alien projects. it is a fact that practical technology has been advanced through space exploration. For instance, there are many inventions including pacemakers and smoke detectors, which are lifesavers in people's everyday lives, are the by-products of space research. In addition, finding a new planet with lives may ease people's concern about energy depletion. Due to the significance of the growing vehicle numbers and the expansion of urbanization, today's demand for energy has increased on an unprecedented scale.

However, the opponents argue that the government should have more important concerns to mitigate the problems on Earth. There still are many people in many areas of the world who are suffering from disease, hunger and extreme poverty. The government has its moral obligation to prioritize the public money to be spent on freeing these people from suffering. By providing them a safety net, those people in need can be able to receive basic medical treatment, better education and more job opportunities.

In conclusion, while many people can benefit from the outcomes from alien life searching, more people can have a better life if the government can invest money in combating poverty. Therefore, I believe the government should give financial prioritizes to address the problems on the earth.