  People are now able to perform everyday tasks such as shopping, banking, and business transactions without meeting others face to face. What are the effects on both the individual and the society?

  Things have really changed. Only six years ago I had to pay a typist to type my graduation paper because I couldn't use a computer. Today, I spend more than ten hours each day banging on the keyboard. The changes in our ways of doing things have far reaching implications.

  On the individual side, technical advances brought unprecedented conveniences but also certain problems. Time is saved when people choose to shop online instead of roaming shopping malls. Distant learning brings online courses onto our computer screens, which benefits numerous people. By and large, people are better informed than before. However, all this comes at a price. To say the very least, the heavy reliance on computer printing leads to a decline in our handwriting. It is reported that 40 percent of teenagers in Japan cannot write many commonly used Japanese characters because most homework is typewritten. Graver still is the alienation and estrangement between people caused by the extensive use of machinery. We gradually lose sight of the connection between people when most of our daily contact is with a machine. We are connected with our humanity; we need to feel the presence of our fellow creatures.

  Similarly, society as a whole also experiences this kind of mixed blessing. On one hand, science and technology contribute to economic growth, generating enormous material wealth. Machines are usually more reliable than humans. They are easier to monitor, maintain, and manage. The society grows seemingly steadier as a result. However, problems are lurking. Identity crisis is occurring in most societies. Everything is so sterile that it is hard to find common ground between people. The sense of community is lost for many people because they rarely see or interact with each other.

  Though exhilarating, changes can sometimes overwhelm us. At present, most technological developments only aim to address our physical needs. In fact, our mental and spiritual lives need more attention.