  Modern technology gives people more free time, but actually, they are busier than before. Do you agree or disagree?

  Like me, most people are busy all day long. There never seems to be a free moment. It is indeed ironic that the so-called time-saving devices actually take up more of our time. We are reluctant to turn everything off and take a moment with ourselves.

  Mankind is unlikely to lead a more leisurely life in the foreseeable future because science and technology won't ease our burden too much. Though touted as energy-saving, touch-button devices, most inventions only open up the possibility of performing certain tasks simultaneously. Before the advent of cell phones, people wouldn't think of calling others while walking. Thus, they didn't have to endure the annoyance of answering the phone in the middle of something. It seems that technology makes our lives more efficient but not necessarily more leisurely, far from it actually. The moment we push the 'print' key, we don't lean back and relax but turn our attention to something else.

  Then, an optimist would laugh at the above assertion. Can't we just relax and call it a day? We are in control of our own schedules. We don't need to do extra work if we don't want to do so. But the truth is far from that. Contrary to common belief, a large portion of what we do is not determined by ourselves. At work, we are told what to do; at home, we are influenced by family members. In short, we are influenced by peer pressure and social expectations. Even if one is strong-minded enough to turn off everything, he usually can't afford to do so because of the competition he faces. Very few can remain indifferent to what is embraced by all and what is expected of them. Besides, new technologies can be very alluring. They bring about conveniences and even wonders. Once hooked, few can resist the urge to use them to the full.

  Fortunately or unfortunately, mankind is always pushing for something better. Tantalizing successes always loom ahead. Having tasted the wonders of advanced technologies, we cannot do without them. Hence we become increasingly busy.