Some people want the government should spend money looking for life on other planets however others think it is a waste of public money when there are so many problems on earth, the government should solve it. Discuss both views.

The expenditure on space programs to search for life on other planets should be increased, according to some people, while others consider it is a waste of money as there are other serious issues to be addressed on Earth. In my opinion, although priority should be given to immediate problems, a portion of the budget should be invested in future safety i.e. space exploration.

To begin with, searching for life on other space bodies could be a contingent plan in the worst case because of the increasing risk to life on Earth. The necessary resources for life, such as air and water, are completely exploited which puts us at risk of extinction if proper actions are not taken on time. Moreover, it is crystal clear by now that the planet is not livable for the same amount of time that we have already enjoyed on the earth. Thus, all the effort to make humans as multi-planetary species by the government as well as by the private sector, such as the Tesla organization, is justifiable.

However, there are other serious issues on earth that need immediate attention rather than future problems. Take for example of global warming, if it is not controlled, the planet will be uninhabitable sooner than we expected. Besides, when the common man struggles for proper meals and potable water, it is not advisable to spend millions of taxpayer's money, which can utilized effectively to solve basic need scarcity, to chase a mirage. For instance, poor countries, such as Spain, is spending half of their total GDP on space agencies overlooking the needs of their people. Thus, the budget for space exploration should be prioritized after carefully examining the economic status of the nation.

In Conclusion, life exploration on other planes will be beneficial if a nation can afford it but immediate problems should be given more priority. Thus, it is reasonable for developed countries compared to underdeveloped nations.