  People who do not know how to use computers will become more and more disadvantaged. State the disadvantages and what action governments should take.

  It has been predicted by some futurists that people in the future will be divided into two categories: the technologically savvy and the technologically illiterate. Needless to say, the latter will become underprivileged and manipulated. Notwithstanding some exaggeration, this is true for the computer illiterate.

  Without adequate computer skills, finding employment may prove increasingly challenging. Invented just 50 years ago, the computer is becoming an integral part of all fields of business, from banking to shoemaking. Computers are used to write reports, analyze data, and design products. No winder computer skills are now taken for granted by employers just as the ability to read and write. Apart from a few manual jobs, most positions require a fair command of a computer.

  Additionally, the computer illiterate will encounter problems in daily life. So extensively are computers used that it is impossible not to come into contact with them in everyday life. When you go to an ATM to withdraw some money, you have to operate on a computer. When you want to find a book in a library, you are faced with a computer. Lacking computer skills, you can't even send an email, which leads us to the most alarming consequence of being computer illiterate.

  Lagging behind your peers is the most devastating result. The ignorance of computers severely curtails your chances for personal development. Your education and job will get nowhere if you fail to tap into the enormous potential offered by computers. Even your personal relationships will suffer because you can't use the Internet to keep in touch with your friends. While others are making progress, you are standing still.  

  Much needs to be done by the government to help this disadvantaged group. Education is the best medicine. Preferably, computer training should be made compulsory and free of charge for the students and enough training centers should be set up to provide low-cost training for adults.