Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of people traveling abroad to work for a certain period of time

Going abroad to study and work has become the dream of most students in China. In fact, the reason for taking this exam is to meet the admission requirements of most British universities. However, when I take a moment to reflect on the prospect of working abroad upon graduation, I see challenges as well as opportunities.

For most Chinese, working abroad means a better salary. The average income in China is only one-tenth of that enjoyed by employees in most Western countries. We often hear stories that so and so also made millions abroad. Financial consideration is certainly on the mind of those working overseas. Apart from the financial reward, there is the added benefit of improving one's overall ability. Western countries are leading the world in science and management. By mingling and cooperating with one's colleagues on a daily basis, one gets to really understand the people and culture. Besides, working experience in a foreign country is often highly valued, at least in China. To put it in a Chinese way, to work abroad is to be glided. You will be treated as a foreign expert when you return home. In fact, that is why most overseas students choose to advance their careers at home.

However, it is not without its drawbacks. The separation from family members can be most trying for many people working in a foreign land. Only very few people go abroad with their wives and kids; most of them go by themselves. Having few friends, expatriates often feel lonely and some even suffer nervous breakdowns. Besides, immigrant workers are not often treated as friendly. The local people sometimes blame unemployment on those workers. Resentment and hostility are not uncommon in countries like France and Japan. It is hard for foreign workers to fit in. They will always be regarded as outsiders.

Having said all that, I still look forward to working abroad, should there be a chance. All the inconveniences are to be put up with because the experience is a rewarding one. 