  Today some people have to work away from their families. What are the advantages and disadvantages?

  For most people, sacrifices have to be made in order to do jobs. To earn a living, we force ourselves to stick to dull jobs. To keep our position, we do what is required and go wherever needs to be. It is common for people to leave their families and work elsewhere.

  People become more concentrated on their work when they are away from home. Apart from making a few calls to make sure everything is all right, one is not distracted by day-to-day family concerns. There won't be any kid nagging him to play basketball together or any wife demanding some quality time together. Having no family members to spend time with, one often stays longer at the workplace and gives more thought to his work at hand. Moreover, this kind of separation from one's family often motivates him to excel at work in the hope of ending this separation by getting a promotion or a transfer. The desire to be reunited with one's spouse or kids can be a strong incentive for better job performance.

  However, while enjoying better performance at work, those working apart from their family are subject to attacks of loneliness. When the work is done, they often return to their empty apartment alone, with no loved ones to greet or open the door for them. Spending time with friends can only slightly alleviate their nostalgia, which can be trying from time to time. To combat nostalgia, most people turn to work. They put in longer hours and stay at the office on weekends. Gradually, they become workaholics. This, we should note, is rather innocuous compared with other possible consequences of long-term separation. Living in separate places for a stretched period of time is likely to cause a family crisis. Without proper management, distance often leads to alienation. This is true for husbands and wives as well as parents and kids. As time goes by, their feelings toward each other gradually fade; they begin turning to someone else for solace.

  Whenever possible we should avoid working away from home. For those unfortunate enough to work this way, more attention should be given to maintaining family ties instead of reaching career goals.