Many people are moving from rural areas to big cities. Why has this happened? To what extent do you think it is a good trend?

These days many people from rural areas have chosen to migrate to cities, believing that they can find employment and start a better life. I do not agree with the idea that the movement of the rural population to urban areas is a positive change.

Rural inhabitants have left their hometowns for the simple reason that cities are more prosperous. The High population density of cities ensures that businesses in different industries thrive to match the needs of consumers. These companies are sometimes understaffed because of the robust demand for their goods and services. They have to hire more workers, including those from rural communities, to keep operations going. With a source of income, rural migrants can purchase household products they need and enjoy an improvement in the standard of living. This is less likely to happen in rural communities, where farming is generally the only livelihood and many of them are jobless.

Despite this benefit, the arrival of newcomers is not necessarily a welcome trend since it can put huge pressure on housing and facilities in cities. Some cities are unable to accommodate a large population because of the shortage of land. The influx of rural workers can fuel the demand for accommodation, driving up rent and property prices. As the population grows exponentially, hospitals, schools, and public transportation will fail to keep pace with the demand. There will be complaints about poor living conditions and overused facilities.

Another problem is that regional disparities will grow, instead of diminishing. Young people who are ambitious, energetic, hardworking, and creative will flock to cities in search of educational and employment opportunities, leaving rural areas underpopulated. Without young laborers farming land and using their creativity to explore different business opportunities, the rural economy will remain sluggish. This is a vicious cycle as it will accelerate the exodus of working-age people to megacities and exacerbate the labor shortage in most rural communities.

In conclusion, a weak rural economy has driven the population shift from countryside to cities, and this is by no means a positive change, in my view.