  In the past, people spent their entire lives doing one job. But nowadays, they change their jobs frequently. Please give the reasons and your suggestions.

  Though the experience of moving from one job to another can sometimes be distressing or even traumatic, thousands of employees move from one job to another in rapid succession every year. Conventional reasons people give for job hopping include lousy bosses, miserable salaries, and hostile work environments. Yet the fundamental reason has always been hidden and thus ignored by the general public.

  The job-hopping frenzy can be attributed mainly to the remarkable social changes taking place nowadays. The 21st century is characterized by a rapid rate of change. Nations around the world are experiencing dramatic shifts in their political, economic, and social structures. These shifts have radically changed how people view job hopping. The days when being on a  progressive career path meant staying at the same company for life are long gone. Neither employers nor employees directly link long service with loyalty now. Employers no longer think that the number of employers, an individual has worked for provides the best measure of loyalty. Instead, they now place more emphasis on ensuring that employees are engaged and committed during the time they spend with them, believing this is more likely to deliver results. This means there is scope for employees to switch jobs with relative ease and take charge of their own progression and development at their own pace.

  Despite the irresistible and irretrievable social change, there are things that HR managers can do to improve the current situation. It should be noticed that sometimes employees choose to leave because they find that the jobs or the workplaces are far from what they have expected. The working hours are not as promised, training or promotions don't come through, and managers may have misrepresented pay offers. To narrow expectations, HR managers should sample job experiences before the interview to give job candidates a more complete picture of working in the company.
