  Choosing a suitable career is a problem that faces many young people. What are the reasons? What suggestion would you give to them to help make the right decision?

  Each day, over a thousand job hunters swarm into the South China Employment Service (SCES), one of the largest placement services in town, either to present themselves to potential employers or to have their resumes entered into the database of SCES. In Guangzhou alone, there are about ten large-scale employment services and still many smaller ones, all of which are earning good money thanks to the growing number of job seekers in recent years.

  Things were quite different thirty years ago when most people held one job all the time. Today, however, it is much harder to find a suitable job. The booming economy has created a stark disparity in personal incomes, with some jobs considerably better paid than others. Hence, people change their jobs more often, in the hope of becoming better off with their new employers. What is more, the fierce competition between business firms also leads to the dismissal of incapable employees. They have no choice but to seek another job. All these contribute to the increase in the number of job-hoppers.

  Outlined below are some of my suggestions for young people who desire a successful career. To begin with, it is wise to remember that learning is a life-long process that is not limited to school education. Without constant learning, one may easily fall behind the times. Young people should understand that in addition to knowledge and skills, the ability to learn is also essential to their future development. 

  Besides, youngsters should get mentally prepared for the possible frustrations they may encounter while hunting for jobs. They may have to change a number of jobs before finding the most suitable one. While everybody is of some value to society, it takes time for their value to be recognized by the community, or even by themselves. Provided that sustained effort is made, everybody will succeed in one profession or another.

  Work is likely to become more demanding, and competition fiercer, but as long as we are fully prepared, the prospect looks good for all of us.