Many young people change their jobs or careers every few years. What are the reasons for this? Do the advantages of this outweigh the disadvantages?

The past several years have seen a large number of young employees finding new occupations instead of maintaining their old jobs. There are numerous causes for this situation and from my point of view, the drawbacks of changing careers are greater than the benefits.

First of all, it is a disputable fact that salary is the most popular reason for people changing careers. Everybody prefers jobs with high incomes even if they do not have any professional knowledge or practical skills relating to these works. Moreover, many companies use salary policies for the sake of attracting high-quality staff. This leads to the changing jobs of the young, who are ambitious and want to ensure their living standard as soon as possible. Broadening personal resources is the second reason. Working in different environments helps employees not only enhance their experience but also improve their social skills enormously. Consequently, laborers have more chances for promotion or higher salary levels.

Changing careers brings both pros and cons but the merits are surpassed by the negative outcomes. Firstly, society may suffer a dearth of experts because people do not have to keep knowledge of particular problems. It also takes a long time to retain an amateur to become a professional. Secondly, not all employees succeed in finding new suitable jobs. The more people leave their occupations, the higher the unemployment rate is. Finally, it is a bad use of money for the recruitment process permanently. This amount of money should be used for other important purposes such as expanding the scale of production or increasing the salary budget.

In conclusion, higher income and varied working experience are the main causes of changing occupations. In addition, I strongly believe that the advantages are outweighed by the disadvantages due to the lack of experts, the unemployment risk, and the waste of recruitment money.