Nowadays it is quite common for people to change jobs regularly. Why does this happen and how do people prepare for job insecurity?

It is not unusual for people to change jobs from time to time in today's world, where change seems to be the only constant. They should improve their resilience in this ever-changing labor market.

Sometimes, people are forced to search for new jobs as a result of drastic changes in the external environment, including economic restructuring and technological revolutions. People may find that they do not have the skill set required to stay in the same position, so they have to make a career change. For example, some people working for financial institutions fail to keep their jobs as they cannot stay abreast of innovations such as the application of big data and artificial intelligence in financial analysis, client management, and risk management. They may lose employment if they cannot retain to meet requirements and end up doing some low-skilled jobs.

In other cases, people sometimes switch jobs deliberately as they are interested in a varied career. Money is not the sole consideration for them; instead, they intend to gain a sense of achievement from a job where they can develop their own talents and fulfill their potential. They may embark on their careers by working for large companies, where they can diversify their skills and select their favorite career path. Afterward, they may choose to work for start-ups and apply their knowledge to assist these young ventures in growing into successful companies.

Because of the uncertainty about job prospects, working adults have to pay attention to two major issues. They should undergo training or sign up for courses to acquire new skills to fit into a fast-evolving world. For example, they may need to acquire a foreign language to improve job security in a globalized world, where they expect to interact with clients or business partners from overseas. Moreover, they should manage finances carefully to ensure they have sufficient savings to cope with all financial matters arising from unemployment. For those who intend to set up their own business, the money saved in the bank can be used to cover start-up costs.

To summarise, few people today expect to work for a company permanently in this day and age. They need to upgrade skills and have sound financial planning to show resilience in times of rapid change.
