Some people believe that success in life depends on hard work and determination, while others believe that other factors like money and personal appearance are important. Discuss both views and give your opinion.

Success in life is a sum of many factors, namely competencies, hard work, determination, luck and other factors. While it is argued by many that success in life is mainly attributed to hard work and determination, there still remain some arguments against this issue as they believe other factors like money and personal appearance are also pivotal. Overall, this issue has aroused certain arguments among people of concern.

First of all, people in favor of this issue argue that no matter what position you take, studiousness and strong will are vitally pivotal to ensure success. It is also believed that if success is merely based on wealth and good personal appearance, so why would the successful in the world be so unique. While it is admitted that people who have good personal appearance and vastly money are able to achieve definite success, particularly in works that involve interaction with people like receptionists, to become extremely successful people standing out among a great deal of the population, diligence and high determination are by no means lacking. Moreover, it is only hard work and determination that can lead to high achievement at school. Take the case of renowned scientists as salient examples. Although many people are well off, such talents as Marie Querre or Edison are incredibly unique. Edison also admitted that he had failed so countless times before eventually making the bulbs.

On the contrary, advocates of the statement that other factors like money and personal appearance are more important believe that money is able to support one's education training, thus facilitating their way to reach achievement in academic areas. Equally important, though personal appearance is believed to be extremely essential when applying for a job, particularly in the interview. It shows how confident, professional and determined the applicants are. They also argued that many people are extremely excellent but still fail to get high achievements in life as they lack of outward aspects.

By way of conclusion, either laboriousness or personal appearance is essential to success. It is my personal view that while hard work and determination are essential to succeed in school and jobs that involve academic problems, other factors like money and personal appearance facilitate growth in a challenging and interactive environment. People should assess the criteria depending on particular aspects.