  Some people think the Olympic Games will no longer play an important role in the 21st century, and the 2004 Games should be the last one. Do you agree or disagree?

  The Olympic Games have been with us for centuries. It was only interrupted by the world wars. Despite all its imperfections, it never fails to catch the heart and imagination of millions around the globe. It will and should last for centuries to come.

  People get to know each other through the Olympic Games. There is a saying, if people can meet on the field of sports they won't want to meet on the battlefield. Every four years, athletes from five continents get together to participate in the summer games. Billions around the world tune in to watch those athletes compete more against themselves than against their rivals in their unrelenting drive toward their personal best. It is one of those rare occasions when people from different nations and backgrounds are engaged in the same activities and able to form genuine friendships.

  In addition, enormous economic benefits are generated by the Olympic Games, not only for the host nations but for other countries as well. A country's tourism, international trade, and global status can get a tremendous boost by hosting the Olympic Games, which partly explains the intensity of the competition as countries vie for the right to host the Olympic Games. For the world at large, the game also serves to promote business in related fields, such as advertising, sportswear and soft drinks.

  Admittedly, critics may be upset by the problems related to these international events, bribery, drug abuse and unfair competition, to name but a few. However, these are by no means inherent and can be remedied. There is nothing wrong with the game itself; it's the management that leaves much to be desired.

  In short, the Olympic Games are going to play even greater roles in the coming century. We shall have the Games as long as we play sports. There is, of course, no end to the improvement of the Olympic Games.