Some people like to risk their lives in some dangerous sports such as mountain climbing. Some say rescuers need not risk their own lives to save those trapped on mountain peaks and that people should be responsible for their own lives. What is your opinion?

People are indeed different. Some are not brave enough to play football while others are attracted to danger and excitement. However, dangerous sports can really live up to its name. People get injured or killed in these sports. Are they heroes or eccentrics asking for trouble?

Most of them don't choose extreme sports for fame or money. They do it because it fascinates them. They are certainly brave but not necessarily heroes. Like anyone else, they should be responsible for their own choice and look after themselves should they ever be in danger. However, this doesn't mean we need not try to rescue them at all costs.

After all, it is not their fault that they are trapped on a mountainside. It may be attributed to adverse weather conditions or some mechanical malfunction. They should not be blamed for things beyond their control. It is true that they are responsible for their lives, but we have a duty to help each other. It is a moral issue. Our humanity demands that we render a helping hand to whoever is in need whenever we can. That is what makes us human--indeed even animals of different species sometimes assist each other.

When it comes to whether we should risk our lives to save their lives, no one should be required to risk his or her life no matter how worthy the cause is. Those who choose to take the risk do it out of their nobility and decency. It is the highest form of moral virtue when people do something because it is right despite the risks involved. Hats off to those heroes who willingly risk their lives for others. We should take every precaution to ensure a smooth rescue operation, but we shouldn't forbid them to make the greatest sacrifice for the sake of others.

There will always be those who inadvertently cost other people's lives. And there will always be those who trade their own lives for those of others. To be saved is human; to save is divine.