  Some people say that we should not encourage sports games in schools because they lead to competition rather than cooperation. To what extent do you agree with it?

  Sports games in schools are common nowadays. Most schools have football, basketball, and other teams to take on the challenges of other schools. Unfortunately, there have been reports of hostility and even violence resulting from inter-school sports events. But this is not reasonable enough to ban sports games among schools.

  The claim that sports lead to competition rather than cooperation is only a lame argument. It is true that students often go all out to beat their opponents and feel mortified when defeated. But when the game is over they often shake hands or even hug each other because there is no ill will, no disdain or condescension. Everything is done fair and square. When they part with each other, they are left with respect for the other side and maybe the wish for another game. The much-dreaded vicious competition and animosity are always the result of unfair games or rogue teams, which are few and far between and don't represent the whole picture.

  On the contrary, those games are conducive to cooperation and progress. When such an event is organized, all students often participate in one way or another. They are united by a single aim: to defeat the opponents and have a good time. They start to cooperate and help each other; a sense of community begins to grow. In addition, given the nature of mankind, no great progress is to be expected without some external or internal pressure. Competition is often desirable because it leads to progress. The desire to win is a strong incentive to push for one's limit. The sense of honor acts as a powerful drug to assuage pain and fatigue.

  Measures should be taken to curb the occasional violence related to inter-school games. But we need not have any qualms about championing such events, for the competitions on the sports field always contribute to progress and cooperation.