Is it fair that sports professionals earn much more money than people in other important professions? Give reasons for both sides of the argument and your opinion.

It is often reported that one or another sports star just signed a multi-million dollar contract shooting a TV commercial. Those reports often fill someone with admiration and others with indignation. 'That guy gets millions by kicking a ball!' you will often hear people say. But is the money earned really that easily?

It is by no means easy money. The astronomical salaries are only enjoyed by a tiny portion of all athletes. The competition is fierce, even brutal, among the professionals. To get ahead one has to undergo years of systematic training and even then one will find himself far from succeeding. For every Olympic champion, there are countless others who tried almost as hard but failed to make their names known. Besides, sport is not a life career and an athlete's professional life is often shortened by injuries and accidents. One can only maintain his peak performance and salary for a certain period. They do their jobs at the risk of their health and limbs. Professional sports are demanding both physically and mentally.

However, it is also argued that professional athletes as a group are paid too much and the exceptionally high salaries for top athletes cannot be justified. Competition is intense in all professions. Sports should not be singled out as particularly demanding. Indeed many jobs require years of education and training. To become an expert usually requires life-long dedication. But we don't see top police officers, professors, or even doctors paid in the millions. In addition, objectively speaking, sport is less important than many other professions. It serves no practical purposes other than providing entertainment. The salary and attention enjoyed by athletes are out of proportion.

From my point of view, those sports professionals don't deserve what they get. Undue attention and importance have been given to sports. I would like to see other more important professions get more recognition and financial rewards.