Divorce.

In the past, divorce was unacceptable; it was considered to be embarrassing for a family.

Divorce can be extremely stressful.

Divorce can have a negative effect on children.

Divorce is more socially acceptable nowadays.

The rise in divorce rates may be connected to some social problems.

Family.

Busy parents have less contact with their children.

Care homes provide a professional service for senior citizens.

Caring for elderly people was traditionally the responsibility of families.

Children and their parents seem to be less close nowadays.

Children may be left alone or with nannies or babysitters.

Families in many countries are not as large as they used to be.

Friends, television, and the Internet become the main influence on children's behavior.

Governments should invest money in facilities and training for care workers.

It is more difficult to raise a large family.

Nowadays both parents often work full time.

Parents should be more involved with their children's upbringing.

Parents spend less time with their children.

Some families are unable to look after elderly relatives.

Teenagers are influenced by peer pressure.

The best form of care for the elderly depends on the family situation.

The lack of closeness in families can have a negative effect on children.

We all have a responsibility towards the older people in our society.

We tend to live in small nuclear families rather than large extended families.

With age, people find it difficult to maintain contact with family and friends.

Women traditionally stayed at home to cook, clean, and look after children.

Young people need positive role models.

Marriage.

A marriage is not a financial deal where sensibility reigns.

An early marriage is usually based on genuine love.

By allowing oneself more time to choose one's ideal partner, one is more likely to find the right person, thus reducing the likelihood of divorce.

More often than not, when and where you get married depends on things beyond your control.

Most people are seeking the right person and the right time. But when it comes, don't hesitate.

There is no guarantee that a marriage will work, whether it is one with a foreigner or not.
