Hobby.

A hobby is also an antidote to stress.

Hobbies are beneficial because they are a genuine source of fun and pleasure.

Hobbies enable us to associate more with others who have similar hobbies.

In my opinion, anyone can take interesting pictures without knowing too much about the technicalities of operating a camera.

I believe that many hobbies give us more pleasure when we reach a higher level of performance because the results are better and the feeling of achievement is greater.

Holiday.

More and more people choose to avoid the holiday season to go traveling because tourist sites are invariably overcrowded during public holidays.

The idea of people in different professions having holidays at different times is often out of necessity.

The ideal way would be for the employees to decide the time and duration of the holidays, provided that it doesn't interfere with the running of the business. People themselves know when they would most enjoy a vacation. It is ultimately a personal matter and should be left to our own discretion if possible.

This kind of liberal attitude toward holidays can reduce the strain on public facilities during the holiday season.

Immigrant.

Although rural emigrants contribute greatly to the economic growth of the cities, they may inevitably bring about many negative impacts.

An increasing number of experts believe that migrants will exert positive effects on the construction of a city. However, this opinion is now being questioned by more and more city residents, who complain that the migrants have brought many serious problems like crime and prostitution.

Companies might pay lower salaries to immigrant workers. Some immigrant workers work longer hours for less money.

Free healthcare and schooling are available in some developed countries.

From an economic perspective, immigration can be extremely positive. Many immigrants have skills that are needed in the country they move to. Immigrants who find work contribute to the economy of their new country.

Governments should stop companies from exploiting immigrant workers. Foreign and local workers should have the right to equal pay and conditions.

In many countries, immigrants need visas or work permits.

Immigration can help the economy of a country, and it can create multi-cultural societies. However, immigration needs to be controlled.

Immigrants are sometimes recognized as a threat to social cohesion.

Many immigrants come from less developed countries.

Many immigrants send money home to help family members.

Many sociologists point out that rural emigrants are putting pressure on population control and social order; that they are threatening to take already scarce city jobs; and that they have worsened traffic and public health problems.

Other people migrate to a foreign country to improve their academic qualifications.

People of many different nationalities learn to live together. It also creates cultural diversity. This can help people to become more open-minded and tolerant.

Richer and industrialized countries may offer opportunities for employment.

Some people move to another country in search of a better life.

The influx of immigrant workers is the biggest reason behind city expansion.

Unemployment rates could rise if there are too many immigrants. Some people believe that immigrants take jobs that should go to local people.
