Weather.

Summer is sultry. That's the reason why I don't like it.

Weather a large family is a good thing or not is a very popular topic, which is often talked about not only by city residents but by farmers as well.

Work.

A good work/life balance can raise job satisfaction. Happy, healthy workers are more productive.

An employee should be rewarded as per his or her contribution to the company, which should be measured by using objective criteria as much as possible. 

Being a leader is more conducive to personal growth.

Companies shouldn't expect employees to work overtime. Many companies provide childcare facilities.

Many employees are willing to work for companies where they can obtain promotional opportunities.

Nowadays, many people work part-time or have flexible working hours. Technology allows people to work from home.

Older workers are replaced because they long lost their enthusiasm for work and hamper innovation by always doing things the old way.

People from disadvantaged backgrounds can improve their social status by working hard.

People nowadays are more concerned about their interest in work.

People with a heavy workload do not have adequate time to rest.

The harder you work, the more progress you make.

Too much work can result in stress and poor health. "Workaholics" may neglect their families and friends. It is important to achieve a balance between work time and leisure or family time.

We should bring home to people the value of working hard.

With an increasing number of young people participating in volunteer work, community cohesion will be enhanced.

Work is a main source of stress for most people.

Work is likely to become more demanding, and competition fiercer, but as long as we are fully prepared, the prospect looks good for all of us.

Working long hours has become the norm in companies.

Zoo.

Some people believe that zoos are unethical. Zoos exhibit animals with the aim of making money. We have no right to use animals for entertainment and profit.

The best way to save endangered species is by protecting natural habitats.

Zoos play an important role in wildlife conservation. They can help to protect endangered species.

Zoos are educational, interesting and fun. Children, in particular, enjoy learning about animals.

Zoos allow scientists to study animals and their behavior.

Zoo animals are kept in artificial environments. They are kept in cages or have limited space.

Zoo animals rely on humans. They lose the freedom to hunt for food.