Stress.

Children may be affected by their parents' relationship problems. Tests and exams can also cause stress.

Schools have started to employ psychologist; they can offer emotional support to students, and they can help students to cope with exam stress.

Stress can be reduced by taking regular exercise and eating a healthy diet. It is also important to get sufficient sleep and make leisure time a priority. People should work less overtime and take regular holidays.

The relationship with one's fellow human being also adds to one's stress.

Many experts point out that, along with the development of modern society, it is an inevitable result and there is no way to avoid it.

Modern lifestyles are increasingly stressful. Our busy lifestyles mean we have less time to relax. Unemployment is a major cause of stress.

Science And Technology.

Advances in medical technology have made it possible for people to live longer than in the past.

Although many people tend to live under the illusion that traditional technology and methods are still playing an extremely important role in people's life, increasing evidence show that it is less useful than many people think.

Animal experiments sometimes fail to detect the undesirable side effects of drugs.

Anthropologists have discovered that fear, happiness, sadness, and surprise are universally reflected in facial expressions.

As a popular saying goes, "everything has two sides." Now the public is benefiting more and more from scientific and technological inventions. On the other hand, the progress of science and technology is bringing us a lot of trouble. People in many countries are suffering from public hazards.

As I see it, robots are not different from other human inventions, which are never perfect.

At the same time, along with the benefits of such machines, employees must study the knowledge involved in such machines so that they are able to control them.

Besides, new technologies can be very alluring. They bring about conveniences and even wonders.

Computer-aided translation is far from doing a satisfactory job at the present stage of development. 

Entertainment has undergone enormous changes since the advent of modern science and technology.

Fortunately or unfortunately, mankind is always pushing for something better. Tantalizing successes always loom ahead. Having tasted the wonders of advanced technologies, we cannot do without them. Hence we become increasingly busy.

From what has been discussed above, I firmly believe that time will prove that traditional technology and methods will die out with the development of modern science and technology. The maintenance of traditional technology and methods is futile.

Genetic engineering allows people to nurture crop varieties.

In a larger sense, all subjects are vital to human progress.

Internet, fax and mobile phone technologies have revolutionized working life. Workers can communicate via email, online networks and video conferencing. It gives people more freedom. It can also save time and money. 

It is commonly thought that our society has dramatically changed by modern science and technology, and humans have made extraordinary progress in knowledge and technology over the recent decades.

It is true that new technologies have had an influence on communication between people.

It is undeniable that people today have a better life quality.

It must be admitted that books are increasingly being replaced by other types of storage devices.

It must be realized that in the process of solving problems, scientists also create problems, the solutions of which are often beyond their reach.

Machine translation has encountered seemingly insurmountable obstacles when dealing with written language.

Many values of traditional technology are out of date and should be replaced by modern science.

Modern people are blessed with so many means of acquiring information that some of us feel overwhelmed by the outpouring of vast amounts of information. 

Modern technology has allowed rich people to accumulate wealth more easily.

Natural science and social science are both employed in our everlasting quest toward a total understanding of the world, neither of which can be discarded.

No one can deny the basic fact that it is impossible for average workers to master those high-technology skills easily.

Nuclear technology is a two-edged weapon.

On the individual side, technical advances brought unprecedented conveniences but also certain problems.

People in the 21st century have advanced social mobility and personal freedom.

Some people disapprove of genetically modified food.

Technology can connect workers in different countries.

Technology has had an impact on relationships in business, education and social life.

Technology itself is amoral. It can either serve or cut us. How we use it depends on ourselves.

Technological advancements have made it possible for people to work from any location while earning a decent paycheck.

Thanks to science, mankind keeps making progress both materially and spiritually.

The internet and other digital innovations have made the world a more connected and convenient place.

The investment in space technology should be supported by the government.

The level of access to education, healthcare, and technology has improved significantly in the 21st century compared to previous centuries.

The world is now more interconnected than ever before, and people have access to vast resources and knowledge.

There are limits and scientists are not omnipotent.

There is much discussion over science and technology. One of the questions under debate is whether traditional technology and methods are bound to die out when a country begins to develop modern science and technology.

Though exhilarating, changes can sometimes overwhelm us. At present, most technological developments only aim to address our physical needs. In fact, our mental and spiritual lives need more attention.

Thus in many fields, science and technology are far from providing perfect solutions.

Time and again, science and technology have created wonders and even miracles, thus fortifying our belief in it.

To achieve personal growth and success, one needs in-depth knowledge of a certain discipline.

Under the onslaught of technological progress, books seem increasingly outdated.

What is even more important is that the scientific method is transforming our ways of thinking.

While all subjects contribute to the progress of mankind, science should get the most credit.

Without a doubt, social science, such as philosophy, language, and economics, is of great importance to civilization.

Tourism.

Beautiful beaches are spoiled by the building of hotels. Tourism creates pollution and waste. It puts pressure on local resources.

Local traditions and cultures may be endangered.

Low-cost airlines are making it cheaper to travel abroad. Traveling abroad opens our minds. We can learn to speak other languages.

Many people believe that international tourism produce positive effects on economic growth and local government should be encouraged to promote international tourism.

Many people today enjoy the pleasure of traveling around the world and appreciating exotic cultures and landscapes.

Proper measures must be taken to limit the number of foreign tourists and great efforts should be made to protect the local environment and history from the harmful effects of international tourism.

The living standard of the average Chinese is still not high enough to be able to afford the many different sorts of expenses during long-distance travel.

The price of goods, services and housing may increase significantly. A rise in the cost of living affects local people.

The problem of international tourism has caused wide public concern over the recent years.

The tourist trade is vital for some economies. Tourism attracts investment from multi-national companies. It creates employment in services like accommodation, transport and entertainment. Tourists spend money. Some areas rely on tourism for their income. It helps to improve the standard of living.

The way I see it, tourism can do much to promote tradition and culture.

Tourism brings China a lot of benefits. First, it enables the Chinese people to know more about the outside world and promotes friendship and understanding. Second, it is financially beneficial to China, which needs more foreign currencies for its modernization program.

Tourism can have a negative effect on the natural environment. The building of facilities and infrastructure can destroy the habitat of wild animals.

Tourism, however, gives rise to a number of problems. For instance, it becomes a burden to inefficient transportation systems.

Tourism is a popular leisure activity. People go on holiday to relax and have fun.

Tourism should have a low impact on wildlife. Renewable resources like solar or water power should be used. Waste should be recycled.

Tourist spots endeavor to cater to tourists' needs and tastes.

Tourists can experience different cultures. They can sunbathe on beaches or go sightseeing.

What these people fail to see is that international tourism may bring about a disastrous impact on our environment and local history.
