Bike.

Bicycles are cheap and efficient transport modes.

Bicycles are unfit for long-distant traveling.

Bicycles are a very low-cost mode of transport.

Bicycles can be easily maneuvered around traffic, and they can be parked almost anywhere

Bicycles can't shield against rain or dust.

Bicycle is the most environment-friendly means of transport except for walking.

Cycling is healthy and better for the environment.

Due to traffic congestion, cycling is often the quickest way to reach your destination.

Promoting cycling will lead to considerable reductions in cities' traffic congestion.

The information I've collected over the recent years leads me to believe that bicycles will continue to play extremely important roles in modern society.

Riding a bike contributes to our health.

The bicycle is indeed a brilliant human invention. 

Unlike cars and public transportation systems, bicycles do not require expensive fuel, maintenance, or infrastructure to operate.

Unlike many other devices, the bike reinforces our reliance on ourselves both physically and mentally. This never fails to fascinate me.

Using a bicycle contributes greatly to people's physical fitness as well as easing traffic jams.

Building.

A lot of artificial facilities have been built, which have certain unfavorable effects on the environment.

Building more houses can provide homes for people and boost economic growth.

Council properties are often made with cheap, poor-quality materials.

High-rise buildings are sometimes regarded as eyesores of the city.

Historic buildings are part of a country's heritage. They should be protected. Governments should spend money on looking after historic buildings. They need regular repairs and maintenance.

Historic buildings give character to cities and attract tourists. We identify countries by architectural symbols like the pyramids in Egypt.

In some countries, the government provides state or council housing. This helps people who cannot afford to buy their own house.

It can be argued that state housing creates dependence on the government. People should not rely on the government to look after them.

Modern buildings should be designed to be environmentally friendly. They should use less energy and produce less waste.

Modern insulation can make houses more energy-efficient. Rainwater and wastewater can be recycled and used to flush toilets. Modern glass buildings take advantage of natural light.

Most ancient buildings are of great artistic and aesthetic value.

New buildings should be designed to complement historic buildings.

Old buildings are an essential part of our cultural heritage and can offer unique perspectives into our shared history.

Old buildings show us how people lived in the past. They are often considered to be works of art.

People have no incentive to earn money and buy their own home.

Replacing farmland and parks with houses has several negative impacts.

The world would be a duller place if there were only modern buildings, which more or less resemble one another.

There is no denying that maintaining and repairing old buildings can be a costly undertaking.

Business.

Companies should provide working mothers with maternity leave and other forms of support. 

Many companies prefer a "change of blood" from time to time to maintain their competitiveness and vitality.

Running an organization in today's world can be a daunting task because competition is stiff and technology is developing rapidly.

Some people argue that making cheap products is more important since it makes goods more affordable and accessible to a broader range of people.

The economic slowdown has led to a climbing unemployment rate.

There are advocates for durable products. They believe that making products that are long-lasting is more ethical and environmentally sustainable.

There are those who argue that producing cheap goods is more beneficial.

Those who believe that products should be made to last argue that durable products reduce waste, save resources, and are more sustainable.

To counter the undesirable effects of rigid administration, emotional investment is advanced as another better course to success in business.

While there are benefits to both sides, prioritizing durability over cheapness is preferable.
