Traditional VS Modern.

Architecture from the past is often linked with certain historic events, the description of which may sometimes be found in history books. 

Because of industrialization and global trade, many traditions have disappeared. Global advertising encourages everyone to buy the same products.

Clothes are mass-produced in standard sizes. People wear similar clothes, rather than traditional costumes. Jeans and T-shirts are now worn throughout the world.

Historic buildings took skilled craftsmen years to build. Modern concrete, steel and glass buildings are built in only weeks or months.

Historic relics should be preserved for their historical significance.

It is important to maintain our different cultural identities. We should celebrate festivals, teach traditional skills and protect historic places.

It is true that many older people believe in traditional values that often seem incompatible with the needs of younger people.

Religious and traditional festivals have certainly become times for celebration.

Some traditional views and values are certainly applicable to the modern world.

Many of the ideas that elderly people have about life are becoming less relevant for younger people.

The old and the new need not be in mortal conflict, They can co-exist in harmony.

Traditional customs are still important during weddings and religious festivals. People wear traditional costumes and eat special foods.

Traffic.

A well-developed public transport system is the ultimate way to reduce the number of cars on the road.

Another solution would be to tax drivers. In London, for example, there is a congestion charge. This helps to raise money for better public transport.

Because of low-cost carriers, the aviation industry has developed at an astounding pace over the past decades.

Bicycles can't be compared with other means of transporations like car and train for speed and comfort.

Despite many obvious advantages of bicycle, it is not without its problem.

Each day tens of thousands of people die from traffic accidents in cities worldwide, a regrettable and wasteful loss of human lives.

In my view, both punishments and a range of other measures can be used together to promote better driving habits.

In order to reduce traffic we should change our working habits. The internet can now be used to connect people. More people could work from home. Meetings can be held as video conferences.

In view of such a serious situation, environmental tools of transportation like bicycles are more important than at any time before.

Introducing the fear of punishment like imprisonment, higher penalties or cancellation of driving license in civilians can cultivate a good habit of following the traffic rules, so they do not have to face the penalties of rule-breaking.

Investment in buses and trains will ease traffic congestion. Buses can be given special lanes to avoid traffic.

It is time the authorities concerned took proper steps to solve the traffic problems.

Long-haul travel could be beneficial for residents who cannot afford accommodation near their workplaces or schools in big cities

Many city residents complain that it is so few buses in their city that they have to spend much more time waiting for a bus, which is usually crowded with a large number of passengers.

Many people have no sense of how to drive and they infringe all the traffic rules and regulations and got accidents badly.

Many people, including drivers and cyclists, do not obey the traffic rules properly, especially at busy intersections. And this undoubtedly worsens the already grave situation.

Metro systems and trains are often dirty and crowded. People feel like "sardines in a can".

Mobile phones can be a dangerous distraction for drivers. They draw the driver's attention away from the road. The use of phones while driving has been banned in many countries. Punishments are becoming stricter.

More traffic wardens should be posted and traffic lights set up so as to regulate the flow of traffic.

Most of the human loss and property damage caused by traffic accidents are avoidable if people choose to give up a little bit of their convenience for the sake of others.

No one can doubt the essential fact that the traffic problem over the last years has caused wide public concern all over the world.

On the one hand, strict punishments can certainly help to encourage people to drive more safely.

On the other hand, I believe that safe driving can be promoted in several different ways that do not punish drivers.

One argument put forward in favor of strict punishment for traffic offenses is that in urban areas employees must have to reach the on time at the office and because of that they will disobey all the traffic rules to reach on time and they get catastrophe and hurt their lives.

People tend to travel alone. Cars and road space are not used efficiently. This causes traffic jams during the rush hour.

Public transport is often slow and unreliable. Cars are much more comfortable.

Speed cameras have become more common. Speed bumps are another form of traffic calming. Many streets are designed with the aim of slowing traffic down.

Television campaigns are used to remind people to drive safely. Driving while tired or drunk is extremely dangerous.

The first one is air pollution since using many cars emits a huge amount of exhaust fumes into the air.

The number of people, who have access to their own cars, has risen sharply in recent years.

This trend of traveling negatively affects commuters' efficiency and substantially contributes to the deterioration of the environment.

Traffic congestion is caused by commuters traveling to work. Most people live in the suburbs outside city centre. Commuters tend to travel at the same time of day.

We need to reduce our dependence on cars. Parking a car can be extremely difficult in bit cities.

Well-designed transport systems are comfortable and convenient. Modern public transport can be fast and cheap. Public transport can help to reduce pollution in cities.

Workers could be given flexible timetables. Workers should share their cars and travel together. Public transport needs to be reliable and efficient.

TV.

Children copy the behavior they see on the screen. 

Children should play outside rather than sit in front of a screen all day. 

Close community ties often can't withstand the onslaught of TV programs, which induces people to shut the door, sit on the couch, and stare at the screen.

From what I have mentioned above, we can see clearly that violence on TV has a great influence on youngsters' behavior.

News coverage makes the public aware of events around the world. Documentaries can make learning more interesting.

Programs can also be informative and educational.

Some people link violence on television with crime rates in the real world.

Television brings the best comedians, musicians and actors into our homes.

Television has many benefits. However, it can be addictive.

Television is having a negative impact on society. Most programs do not require much though.

Television is more than just an electronic appliance; it is a means of expression, as well as a vehicle for communication, and as such becomes a powerful tool for reaching other human beings.

Television is the most effective of these three media because it brings us closer to reality than a book or radio program ever can.

Television programs can be entertaining and enjoyable. Viewers have access to a huge variety of entertainment channels. 

The right to watch TV should not be denied by the parents in this fashion.

TV alienates family members by absorbing their time and attention which can otherwise be given to each other.

TV companies should make more positive and educational programs.

Watching television is a good way to relax. It is many people's favorite way to wind down after a hard day at work.

Watching TV is a waste of time.
