Mixed Charts.

It is noticeable that monthly figures for precipitation in Kolkata vary considerably, whereas monthly temperatures remain relatively stable.

Between the months of January and May, average temperatures in Kolkata rise from their lowest point at around 20℃ to a peak of just over 30℃.

While temperatures stay roughly the same for the next four months, the amount of rainfall more than doubles between May and June.

Overall, females made up a higher proportion of people living alone than males, and this difference is particularly noticeable in the older age categories.

A significant majority of the people aged 65 or over who were living alone in England in 2011 were female.

Under 7% of single-occupant homes had four or more bedrooms.

Both immigration and emigration rates rose over the period shown, but the figures for immigration were significantly higher. 

After 2004, the rate of immigration remained high, but the number of people emigrating fluctuated.

We can also see that water consumption was considerably higher in Brazil than in the Congo.

Mobile Phone.

Mobile phones are a popular target for thieves.

Mobile phones can also be a dangerous distraction. Using a phone while driving reduces the driver's concentration.

Mobile phones can be a problem in some public places. Ringing phones cause disturbance in cinemas and school lessons. Some people are not aware that others can hear their conversations.

Mobile phones have revolutionized the way we communicate. We can stay in touch with family, friends and colleagues wherever we are.

Mobile phones may also interfere with electronic equipment. Their waves could cause damage to our brains.

The mobile phone is the most popular gadget in today's world. Users can send text messages, surf the Internet, take photos and listen to music. Mobiles have also become fashion accessories.

Money.

I agree that money is necessary in order for people to meet their basic needs.

I believe from money, no one can buy happiness or gain happiness

It is true that because of money, people can live their lives by having anything which they want.

When people have more money, they tend to do a lot of experiments and try to be more social.