Water.

As populations grow, there is more pressure on water supplies. This could lead to a water crisis. Areas that suffer droughts often need to import water. Water is becoming scarce in some countries.

Companies should not be able to make a profit from water. It is unethical to make money by selling packaged water.

Drinking water is not contaminated by sewage or waste water.

However, other people believe that we should consume less bottled water. Plastic water bottles add to litter and waste problems.

Huge amounts of water are needed for agriculture and industry. The irrigation of crops accounts for a large proportion of water use.

If water is free, people take it for granted. They do not think about how much water they waste. They leave taps running while washing or brushing their teeth. If we have to pay for water, we will use it more responsibly.

Private companies may provide a better service than governments If they provide an efficient service, they will make more money. They will repair leaks to avoid losng money.

Private companies should not be allowed to profit from this natural resource.

Some people believe that water should be free for everyone. Governments should supply water to all homes at no cost. Money from taxes can be used to pay for water supply systems.

Some people carry bottles of water wherever they go. For example, they take bottles of water to work or to the gym. They believe that bottled water is healthier than tap water. But there is no difference in quality between bottled and tap water.

The supply of clean water would improve public health in many developing countries.

The supply of water is also an important political issue. A water crisis could lead to political conflicts or even wars.

Urban life would be impossible without water supply systems. These systems are massive engineering projects. The supply and distribution of water are major concerns. Many professionals are involved in their planning, construction and maintenance.

Water is a necessary natural resource. Humans need access to clean and safe drinking water in order to live. Poor water quality is a major cause of disease and death in some countries.

Water supply systems are extremely expensive. Investment is needed to maintain and improve them.

Water usually needs to be treated before we can drink it. Developing countries often lack the means to treat and supply water to citizens. Developed countries tend to have much better sanitation. Citizens have access to clean tap water.

Wealth.

Wealth does not lead to happiness. Materialism causes greed and crime. We should return to traditional values like sharing.

Weapons.

Governments are promoting war in order to make a profit.

Governments of rich and industrialized countries sell arms to each other. The trade of weapons may improve relationships between governments.

In some countries, people are allowed to own firearms. Individuals have the right to protect themselves. People can use guns in self-defense, which deters criminals.

Many criminals use weapons. The police may shoot violent criminals in self-defense.

Only special police units should use guns.

Police can shoot an escaping criminal who poses a serious danger to the public. This can protect the public.

Rich countries can influence the politics of other nations.

The export of arms, or weapons, is an extremely controversial issue. This industry creates jobs and wealth.

The number of violent crimes increases when guns are available. Guns create violent societies with high murder rates. Criminals may be armed. The police then need to use guns.

The police might shoot an unarmed criminal or an innocent person.

The threat of a gun can deter criminals. Police officers can force a criminal to surrender. It is easier to arrest someone and avoid physical violence.

There is a risk of accidents with guns. Suicide rates have been shown to rise when guns are available.

There is a risk of accidents and mistakes. Accidents can happen in public places.

There are several alternatives to guns (e.g. tear gas, sprays and electric shock weapons).

Weapons may be used in conflicts and wars. The supply of arms could be responsible for deaths.
