Art.

Art may be the highest form of enjoyment.

Art is a reflection of the real world.

Basic problems should be tackled first before we take on the lofty undertaking of art.

The arts are not among the core subject areas at school.

The decline in creativity can be partly attributed to modern ways of entertainment.

The material wealth generated by science and technology often pales against the peace of mind brought by art or literature.

Those who are in favor of artistic and cultural projects advocate that the cultural environment will attract more tourists, which will bring huge profits to local residents.

Culture.

Exposure to different cultures can encourage creativity.

Of the lack of a distinct culture, some places will not attract tourists any more.

Foreign cultures and languages and their national counterpart actually complement each other.

It is not viable nor sensible to preserve all traditional art forms. 

It is very common for Chinese people to exchange lavish gifts.

Perception of beauty differs from culture to culture.

Language.

A language is much more than simply a means of communication; it has a vital connection with the cultural identity of the people who speak it.

As a language dies out, the door to a unique history, culture, and beauty is closed.

As that of dinosaurs, the extinction of certain languages is just as lamentable. 

English is the preferred language when communicating with most foreigners.

English is widely used around the world.

English often means a good opportunity for one's career.

If one language is dominant, other languages may disappear.

International business meetings are regularly held in English.

It will be good news for school children when they are told that foreign language is no longer a required subject because translation can all be done by machines. 

Languages are not only tools for communication but also a reflection of the people who speak them.

Language is a crucial tool for social interaction.

Long before children are able to speak or understand a language, they communicate through facial expressions and by making noises.

Many countries offer language courses and integration programs to help newcomers adapt.

Mastery of a second language is essential for personal growth since it opens the door to understanding different cultures and new perspectives.

The ability to speak English is a necessary skill in the modern world.

The beauty of a language is what fascinates the students.

The dominant language brings its own culture.

The loss is regrettable because languages are closely linked to people's ways of thinking. 

The most important textbooks and journals are published in English.

Music.

Just as it transcends cultures, music also has the ability to connect people from different generations.

Listening to music enables us to feel relaxed.

Music can certainly reach across cultural and national boundaries and bring people together.

Music is something that accompanies all of us throughout our lives.

Traditional music should be valued over the international music that has become so popular.