Cooperation.

Besides, compared to competition, cooperation gives a greater impetus to progress.

Cooperation is essential to success.

Crime.

A prison sentence can be damaging to young people due to the fact that the criminal record can cast a long shadow on their career.

Age plays a key factor in how young people should be treated for committing crimes.

Another argument against the excessive reporting of crime on media contends that it can be detrimental to the accused individual's reputation.

Capital punishment is not a good deterrent. Crime rates are not necessarily reduced. Many criminals do not think they will be caught.

Crime is one of the main subjects of most news programs. The media report crime stories in order to increase their audience.

Criminals are put together. They make friends with other offenders.

Education programs can contribute to improving prisoners' self-esteem and sense of purpose, which can aid in their rehabilitation process.

Fines are used as punishment for minor crimes. If the crime is more serious, prison is the most common punishment. Some criminals pose a threat to society. They are put in prison to ensure the safety of other citizens.

Imposing stiff punishment is an effective method to reduce crime.

It is essential for the media to provide detailed information about crimes as it helps the public understand the impact of these incidents on society.

It would seem optimistic to claim that crimes can be reduced at a time when the crime rates in most countries are actually rising. 

Last but not least, many of those underaged criminals go astray because of the lack of communication. 

Legislation should make drunk driving a criminal offense.

Like war, crime is not likely to be totally eradicated, if history is any judge. 

Many prisoners re-offend when they are released. A criminal record makes finding a job more difficult.

One of the primary reasons for the high proportion of criminal acts committed by teenagers is a lack of parental guidance and supervision.

One of the significant reasons for the rising number of criminal activities by teenagers is the increasing influence of technology. 

Our goal to punish wrongdoers is not to seek revenge, but to prevent further damage.

People in some countries have to face a long prison term if they commit crimes.

Police officers should be seen as part of the community.  They should be involved with education and prevention.

Poverty is responsible for the crime wave in many communities.

Punishment could make prisoners' behavior worse.

Reformed individuals may not be the best role models for teenagers, especially if their criminal past involved violent or serious crimes.

Restricting information about crimes can have negative consequences as it can lead to increased misinformation and fear among the public.

Some people argue that harsh punishments can help deter crime.

Supporters say that capital punishment deters crime. Fear of the death penalty stops people from committing offenses.

The availability of detailed descriptions of crimes on newspapers and TV plays a crucial role in holding perpetrators accountable for their actions.

The death penalty shows that crime is not tolerated.

The idea that education can be a panacea for crime is overly simplifying the issue.

The job of the police is to catch criminals. They must also prevent crime and make communities safer.

The mass media focuses on violent and sensational crimes. This led to fear of crime among the public.

The police should be in close contact with schools. They should focus on young people who have dropped out of school. These teenagers may become involved with gangs.

The reason why detailed descriptions of crime on media should be limited is that it may lead to an excessive amount of fear among the public.

The restriction of detailed crime descriptions in media could lead to a lack of transparency and accountability in law enforcement.

The severity of the crime committed by young people should also be considered before passing judgment on them.

The severity of the punishment should be measured according to the nature and impact of the offense.

The socioeconomic situation of a country also has a significant impact on juvenile delinquency. 

There should be an increase in the number of police officers on the streets.

Those serious offenders should be sent to prison.

To ultimately prevent crime, we have to dive into the root of crime.

Video surveillance is another tool against crime and is capable of being misused. 

We only increase criminals' bitterness and criminal inclination by locking them up or maltreating them.

While providing education for prisoners is certainly a positive step, it is unlikely to be effective unless it is accompanied by other measures.

Culture.

As the daily world integrates, we need to communicate and travel around. The assimilation of the new doesn't necessarily result in the loss of the old. Foreign cultures and languages and their national counterpart actually complement each other.

Exposure to different cultures can encourage creativity.

For the lack of a distinct culture, some places will not attract tourists any more.

It is not viable nor sensible to preserve all traditional art forms. When its time comes, no elixir can save it. But those that have stood the test of time and have real artistic values should be preserved and promoted.

It is very common for Chinese people to exchange lavish gifts.

Perception of beauty differs from culture to culture.

We learn English out of academic, diplomatic, commercial, or other practical considerations because English is the preferred language when communicating with most foreigners.
