Globalization.

A global economy means free trade between countries. Goods are produced in one country and sold in many others. This can strengthen political relationships.

Business is becoming increasingly international. Multi-national companies do business across the world. Companies like MacDonald's can be seen on high streets in most cities.

Companies sometimes exploit their employees in developing countries.

Cultural globalization has brought about increased cultural awareness, leading to the preservation and revival of various cultures. 

Cultural globalization poses a risk to the loss of cultural identity, as people become more accustomed to foreign cultures, leading to the forgetting of one's own culture.

Developing countries face a range of problems, such as standards of healthcare and education are low. Life expectancy is usually lower than in developed countries.

Employees cannot be confident that they have stable jobs.

Global trade creates more waste and pollution.

Globalization can also create opportunities for employment.

Globalization could create new business opportunities and markets. As countries share their products, skills, and knowledge, they create a vital economic interdependence.

Globalization has also given many people the opportunity to share and showcase their cultural heritage.

Globalization is not always beneficial to everyone. Company can move to countries where labour is cheap, which creates redundancies, or job losses.

Globalization may also help developed countries. Multi-national companies are creating jobs in developing countries.

Governments and charities can help by building new houses and schools.

Governments should impose laws to protect the environment.

Immigration is the factor of utmost importance, which has led to the global surge in economic development.

It encourages investment in less developed countries. It could reduce poverty in the developing world.

It is true that globalization can have negative effects on cultural identity.

Multiculturalism can encourage the exchange of cultural practices and facilitate communication between nations.

Not every country has enough natural and capital resources for effective development. That's why, trade with each other is an essential part of their everyday operations.

On the other hand, many people emigrate to find work in richer countries. They often send money back home to their families, which helps to improve the standard of living in developing countries.

The best form of help for developing countries is development aid. Richer nations can help by investing in long-term projects.

The positive outcomes of cross-cultural activities and international trade are immense.

There is a lack of infrastructure, employment and good-quality housing. Many people are forced to live in poverty. Food, drinking water and basic medicines are in short supply.

There should be global regulations for salaries and working conditions.

Happiness.

Although it seems almost impossible to give a precise definition of happiness, most people would agree that there are some basic preconditions to achieving it. 

Competition is the first reason why people in developed countries are no happy that they were.

Happiness is difficult to define because it means something different to each individual person.

Happiness means different things to different people. It can be described as a feeling of pleasure or enjoyment. People enjoy spending time with family and friends. Hobbies, sports and games can be a source of fun and enjoyment.

In order to be truly happy it is necessary to live a good life, we need to feel that we are doing something useful with our lives. Some people get a sense of achievement from their work, and others find happiness in bringing up their children.

Peace of mind is essential to achieving happiness.

People in developed countries already have wealth to enjoy a better standard of living so increased wealth will not add any happiness in their day-to-day life on the other hand

Some people see money as a source of happiness, but other people define happiness as something deeper.

Health.

A nursing home can provide professional care for those having trouble looking after themselves.

A strong argument in favor of nursing home it the sense of community created there.

According to a recent survey, four million people die each year from diseases linked to smoking.

Advanced age doesn't necessarily mean senility. With more years after the usual span of life, the elderly can embark on whatever their heart desires. They have a lifetime of skills and experiences behind them and can use them to their advantage.

Advancements in medicine and healthcare have led to a longer life expectancy, reduced malnutrition and healthier lifestyles.

An advantage of using solar energy is that it won't create any pollution.

An unhealthy lifestyle may put people at risk of illness.

Being a doctor should not be merely a job but a sacred calling. 

By doing exercise, we can always stay healthy.

Fast foods are cheap to buy and very easy to prepare. These foods oftetn contain too much fat, salt and sugar. Many people nowadays rely on fast food or pre-prepared meals. Many young people have grown up on a diet of convenience foods.

Hospitals rely on the government for money and resources.

If money becomes the main objective of doctors or hospitals, dire consequences will ensue.

In light of the growing number of senior citizens in many countries, caring for elderly people is becoming harder to tackle.

It is generally believed that the chief reason for the increase in population in developed countries is not so much the rise in birth rates as the decline in death rates as a result of the improvement in medical care.

It is the reason why many clerical workers today suffer health problems.

It is true that elderly people are physically weaker and more vulnerable to diseases. But what counts is not the body but the mind.

More and more people, including young children, are seriously overweight. This situation will increase the burden on hospitals and taxpayers.

Overwork does harm to health.

Parents also play a critical role in preventing childhood obesity.

Parents are ultimately responsible for their children's health.

Patient's well-being always should be the paramount consideration for doctors.

People's unhealthy lifestyle is the result of their tendency to rely heavily on technology.

Populations in developed countries are increasingly overweight. Obesity, diabetes and heart disease are on the increase.

Regular exercise can increase one's self-confidence.

Sleepless nights will not only make people feeble but also less healthy.

Society plays a crucial role in promoting healthy habits.

Some opponents argue that drug companies are the most appropriate candidates who should stand on the stage to aid poor people.

Some people are strong advocates of delivering maximum profit to their investor is the main responsibility of drug companies.

Standards and services will be sacrificed for higher profits.

Taking exercise is closely related to health.

Taxing heavily on foods that are hazardous to human health, will often discourage people from eating them.

The answer to the prevalence of unhealthy lifestyles lies beyond the scope of the influence of any individual citizen, andy non-government organization or any sector to address on its own.

The government can implement policies and regulations that encourage healthy habits.

The government could promote physical activity by investing in parks, playgrounds, and community centers

The government of a country can play a stewardship role in public health, providing leadership and drawing in players from across many sectors.

The health effect of GE food remains unclear/yet to be known.

The human body requires a balanced diet. An unhealthy diet can cause various health problems.

There is ample evidence to suggest that it is the responsibility of the government to provide healthy food cheaper to the population.

To begin with, staying at a nursing home makes good financial sense.

Too often people are unaware of the unhealthy habits they have acquired because they hardly stop to observe their own lifestyles.

We cannot emphasize the importance of protecting our eyes too much.

We know that unhealthy lifestyles may result from a lack of self-discipline.

You will find that staying at a nursing home makes good financial sense if you take into consideration the daily expenses incurred when one lives all by oneself.
