Career.

Career success depends on individual merit.

Employees have a stable career with one employer. They have a good pension and health insurance. Their salaries gradually increase. They may be promoted within the organization. There is a clearly defined path for development.

In a fast-changing world workers need to be flexible.

Many people's feelings of job satisfaction come from their professional achievements, the skills they learn, and the position they reach, rather than the money they earn. 

People can retrain in a different occupation. They can learn different skills. People who change jobs can gain experience. People need to develop a range of experience and skills.

People often change jobs in order to further their careers. Another company may offer a promotion or a higher salary. Changing jobs is interesting and challenging.

Personally, I disagree with the idea that money is the key consideration when deciding on a career, because I believe that other factors are equally important.

Personal relationships and the atmosphere in a workplace are extremely important when choosing a job. 

Selecting a suitable candidate for a vacancy is not an easy task

Some people choose a career because they want to help others and contribute something positive to society.

They demonstrate loyalty. They become part of a team. Experienced staff can be trusted with more responsibility.

While salaries certainly affect people's choice of profession, I do not believe that money outweighs all other motivators.

Child Labourer.

In some countries, children are exploited. They do repetitive jobs for very low pay. Children are often used in agriculture and factory work.

Many people think that children should be free to enjoy their childhood. The employment of children is prohibited in other countries.

Governments should make education a priority. They should build new schools. They should supply the resources to educate children. Children need to be given the knowledge and skills for adult life.

City.

Banning cars encourages people to walk or cycle.

Cities lack a sense of community. People do not even know their neighbors. Cities are sometimes described as "concrete jungles".

Dependence on cars is linked to health problems like obesity. People who walk or cycle regularly are generally healthier.

Life in the cities can be extremely stressful.

Life in the cities has its drawbacks. The cost of living is higher than that in rural areas. Housing is usually much more expensive.

Many European cities have built bicycle lanes.

Pedestrian areas are safer and more attractive for both residents and tourists.

Pedestrian zones in city center can improve the local environment.

People move to cities in search of job opportunities. Cities can offer greater employment possibilities and a higher standard of living.

Some people do not manage to find work. Homelessness and poverty are common in the cities. There is a gap between the rich and the poor.

The destruction of natural spaces can result in a degraded quality of life for people living in the area.

The development of cities has posed a threat to heritage sites.

The development of houses in these areas can help to meet the increasing demand for housing as urban populations continue to grow.

The main advantage of separating shops, schools, offices, and homes in specific areas is that it can reduce traffic congestion by preventing long commute times.

The primary drawback is that it can lead to social isolation, as people are more likely to interact with those who share the same daily activities.

The replacement of farmland with houses will cause a significant reduction in the availability of agricultural land, which could exacerbate food scarcity in the future.

The replacement of green spaces with housing often results in an increase in pollution, as more cars are required to navigate the new urban landscape.

There are problems like traffic congestion and crime in the cities.

Traditional activities like farming need fewer workers nowadays. People migrate to cities from the countryside.

Climate Change.

Climate change is a significant problem that has a damaging effect on the planet and its inhabitants.

If instead of taking the above measures we simply try to live with climate change, I believe that the consequences will be disastrous. 

Preventing climate change can help maintain the natural balance of the environment.

Relying on the strategy of living with climate change could prove costly in the long run. It could lead to unsustainable practices, which could pose a significant threat to the environment in the future.

There are various measures that governments and individuals could take to prevent, or at least mitigate, climate change.
