Self-employment.

Nowadays, it is easy to set up a company. Self-employment offers greater freedom than working for a company However, there are risks to starting a new business. Self-employed people may face financial difficulties. Many businesses fail to make a profit.

There is less stability in self-employment. There are no benefits like pensions, sick pay and holiday pay. Self-employment involves hard work, long hours and total responsibility.

Smoke.

Smoking is a potential fire hazard.

Public smoking is a health threat to others, especially non-smokers.

The euphoria produced by cigarettes is akin to that generated by alcohol or drugs, an escape from reality at best.

Thus it is in the interest of the public and the smokers themselves that public smoking should be banned.

Sociel.

Additional social stresses may also occur because of the population explosion or problems arising from mass migration movements-themselves made relatively easy nowadays by modern means of transport.

Apart from elements making an ideal society, much effort has to be taken for fulfilling this dream.

Good social skills are an advantage that facilitates employees's jobs such as shortening time to complete work, facilitating processes, and achieving superior results.

It is indisputable that there are millions of people who still have a miserable life and have to face the dangers of starvation and exposure.

It would be difficult to create a happy, prosperous society.

Many people argue that highly qualified employees still greatly perform their jobs without good social skills such as engineers, scientists, adventurers, and astronomers.

Racial discrimination remains a serious problem.

Remarkable social changes mean that there is scope for employees to switch to jobs with relative ease and take charge of their own progress and development at their own pace.

Rich as our country is, the qualities of our living are by no means satisfactory.

Several aspects should be taken into consideration in the way to build a perfect society.

Society as a whole also experiences this kind of mixed blessing.

The aging population has prompted countries to raise the statutory retirement age.
