Education.

A large number of people tend to live under the illusion that they have completed their education when they finished their schooling.

A large number of students in China have to do self-study at night.

A person's education is the most important aspect of his life.

A university degree is not necessary for many service professions.

A well-balanced education will be most conducive to individual and social progress.

Although banned by the Ministry of Education, extra classes are thought to be beneficial by most teachers and parents.

Although this view is widely held, this is little evidence that education can be obtained at any age and at any place.

An increasing number of people are beginning to realize that education is not complete with graduation.

As an old saying goes: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

As an old saying goes: it is never too late to learn.

At the present stage of development, distance learning is still inferior to school education.

Bad behavior is due to a lack of structure and discipline.

By mingling with one another on a daily basis, boys and girls can relinquish the stereotypical view about the other sex.

Children will have less time to play and communicate with their peers due to extra studies.

Children will miss out on the social experience that school offers.

Children with parents whose guidance is firm, consistent, and rational are inclined to possess high levels of self-confidence.

Co-education is usually preferred because it resembles the real world.

Co-education seems the natural mode of education because males and females are not separated in real life unless absolutely necessary.

Computers are expensive to maintain and can be unreliable.

Discipline could be lacking at home. They should take responsibility for their children's behavior.

Discipline problems are avoided by home-schooling.

Distance learning has greatly benefited many people.

Due to high tuition fees, most ordinary families cannot afford to send their children to boarding schools.

Education aims to improve one's all-round abilities.

Economies are becoming increasingly knowledge-based.

Education can bring personal improvement in ways other than scholastic achievement.

Education gives people knowledge and skills.

Education is a lifelong process, the importance of which can be hardly exaggerated.

Education is the best medicine.

Educating the children is a headache for many young parents.

Education is the first thing we can do to reduce crime.

Education is the key to improving the economy of these countries.

Education may hold the key to one's job prospects.

Education will become all the more essential in a world where we are in danger of being overwhelmed by conflicts and competition among ourselves.

Educational activities are not necessarily associated with pressure or stress.

Equal access to education can help tackle educational underachievement.

Even the best possible graduate needs to continue learning before she or he becomes an educated person.

Extra studies bring about unhealthy impacts on the physical growth of children.

Free from the burden of co-existing harmoniously with the opposite sex, boys and girls often turn their attention to scholarly pursuits.

Free university education makes it possible for students from less well-off backgrounds to have equal access to tertiary education.

From a psychological aspect, the majority of children seem to tend to have an unfavorable attitude toward additional educational activities.

From kindergarten to college, students are always grouped together.

Governments should make education compulsory for all children.

Group learning can benefit those who are gregarious in nature.

Grouping by ability may have a negative impact on students.

Grouping together students with similar proficiency has its unique appeal. 

Home-schooled children may lack social skills.

I am strongly against having extra classes.

I'm in favor of the opinion that education is not complete with graduation.

If students are not allowed to evaluate or criticize the teacher, it is hard for the teacher to find out what the students think or what they need.

Interest is the best teacher.

It is absurd to force children to take extra studies after school.

It is actually hard to decide when a person can be seen as entirely independent.

It is commonly accepted that no college or university can educate its students by the time they graduate.

It is conceivable that knowledge plays an important role in our life.

It is difficult for students to improve practical skills if schools do not provide work placements.

It is hard to imagine a student focusing their energy on a textbook while other children are playing.

It is indeed never too old to learn.

It is indisputable that boarding schools are exerting a growing important effect, especially in the last few years.

It is not easy to get along with one's parents or kids.

It is not the goal of education to provide job training to students.

It might be argued that it is dangerous to put too much pressure on children.

It might be gathered from the above that each type of school has its strengths and weaknesses. 

It must be noted that learning must be done by a person himself.

Kindergarten is a good preparation for school.

Kindergartens can be viewed as an extension of and preparation for primary schools.

Kindergartens would be a good choice because most of them are staffed by professional nurses and instructors whose expertise is unmatched by most mothers.

kindergartens would still be a good choice because most of them are staffed by professional nurses and instructors whose expertise is unmatched by most mothers.

Lagging behind your peers is the most devastating result. 

Learners need a structured course.

Learning is a life-long process that is not limited to school education.

Learning the times table by rote is not the best way to improve numeracy.

Lifelong education is not an unavoidable chore but a pleasure.

Living alone in an unfamiliar culture can cause homesickness.

Living and studying abroad can be difficult. Students have to find accommodation and pay bills.

Living in school can save them a great deal of time on the way between home and school every day, so they would be able to concentrate more time and energy on their academic work.

Many children are exposed to violent content every day.

Many factories have moved to developing countries.

Many parents believe that additional educational activities enjoy obvious advantages.

Many students always go into raptures at the mere mention of the coming life of high school or college they will begin. 

Many students want to attend a prestigious university.

Many surveys show that people in increasing numbers are beginning to recognize that boarding school provides better environments and facilities for children.

Many young people have chosen to study in English-speaking countries, where they can study at some world-famous universities.

Millions of people have to spend more time and energy studying new skills and technology so that they can keep a favorable position in the job market.

Mixed ability classes encourage everyone to achieve their potential.

Most parents do not have the time to educate their children at home.

Most jobs require specific knowledge and skills.

Nothing is more important than to receive education.

Now people in growing numbers are beginning to believe that learning new skills and knowledge contributes directly to enhancing their job opportunities or promotion opportunities.

On no account can we ignore the value of knowledge.

Other parents are too lenient and spoil their children.

Overseas students are exposed to different cultures and customs.

Parents and teachers should make an effort to limit children's screen time.

Parents can respond to what their children need and how they learn best.

Parents have less experience and knowledge about how to educate and supervise children when compared with professional teachers working in kindergartens or nursery schools.

Parents should place considerable emphasis on their children to keep the balance between play and study.

Peer pressure is by no means the smallest reason for students' behavior problems.

People in developing countries need knowledge and skills.

People rely too much on computers. Technology is no substitute for a real teacher.

People seem to fail to take into account the fact that education does not end with graduation.

Practical training is more important in some industries. In the UK, for example, there is currently a shortage of plumbers. Their services are therefore becoming more and more expensive.

Private tutors are expensive.

Qualifications gained abroad can open the door to better job opportunities.

Repetitive manual jobs are now done by machines.

School subjects are normally taught by up to ten different teachers.

Schools aim to teach young people moral values such as tolerance and sharing

School authorities should provide far more services to help freshmen get used to the new life as soon as possible.

Schools need to create a positive study atmosphere.

Schools need to work closely with parents.

Schools offer a better overall educational experience.

Schools offer a wide variety of opportunities for students to learn, explore, and discover their strengths and interests.

Schools provide opportunities for social engagement and personal development.

Science and technology are advancing at breathtaking speed.

Sending children to kindergartens or nursery schools will have an unfavorable influence on the growth of children.

Since it is unnecessary to consider students' routine life, day school can lay stress on teaching instead of other aspects, such as management of dormitory and cafeteria.

Single-sex school bars the possibility of the much-dreaded puppy love among students.

Single-sex schools have their unique appeals as well. 

Some children are likely to have behavioral problems.

Some children are used to getting whatever they want.

Some parents decide to educate their children at home.

Some teachers and parents support streaming for these reasons.

Some schools separate students according to their academic ability.

Sooner or later, children need to make decisions on their own.

Students also learn skills that are useful for their future jobs.

Students attending a boarding school would cultivate their independence as apart from their parents.

Students can do research using online resources.

Students can study at their own pace.

Students can study whenever and wherever they want.

Students from poorer families may receive less support from parents.

Students from wealthier families tend to be better prepared.

Students have problems with paperwork such as visa applications.

Students often don't get much out of those classes.

Studying alone, one will not be distracted by others.

Studying in a foreign language is challenging.

Teachers can plan more suitable lessons.

Teachers can work at the right speed for their students.

Teachers should be permitted to use force to remove disruptive children from the classroom.

Teachers will benefit a lot when their minds are open to the ideas and honest opinions of the youngsters.

Technology can make lessons much more interesting.

Technology is a powerful tool to engage students. 

The achievements of celebrities can motivate young people to study hard and show perseverance.

The class certainly becomes more diversified when students with dissimilar talents are put together.

The contribution of day schools can't be ignored.

The family environment is widely thought/believed to be the most important influence on children's development.

The Internet can expose students to a world of knowledge and information.

The main function of schools is to impart knowledge to the next generation.

The majority of people believe that education is a lifetime study.

The tuition fee has been rising.

The quality of teaching can make a huge difference to students' academic performance.

The use of fossil fuels can cause damage to the environment.

There are many benefits to going to university. A degree can open the door to better employment prospects.

There are no schools in many areas. Literacy rates are often low.

There are still many people who live under the traditional idea that day schools play an extremely important role in children's study.

There are strong signs that books are going to remain with us for a long time.

There are too many children in some classes. Large classes are difficult to manage.

There is a general debate on the campus today over the phenomenon of college or high school students doing part-time jobs.

There is a growing tendency for parent these days to stay at home to look after their children instead of returning to work earlier.

There is a growing tendency for parents to ask their children to accept extra educational programs over the recent years.

There is every possibility that books will remain and improve as time goes by.

There is no clear link between grouping students by ability and their levels of attainment.

There is no doubt that our educational system leaves something to be desired.

This issue is becoming a matter of concern for more and more people, especially parents and experts in education.

To promote social progress, schools need to provide moral and ethical education.

To really master a subject one needs to devote his whole life to it.

Today an increasing number of people have realized that law education is of great importance.

Too much control is certainly detrimental to children's future development.

Using multimedia tools can improve students' concentration and keep them interested.

While there are numerous other ways to educate a child, punishment is sometimes necessary.

Without constant learning, one may easily fall behind the times.

Young learners do not become proficient in some basic skills.

Young people without tertiary education qualifications normally end up working in low-skilled jobs.

Publication.

Printed publications have cultural and historical value.

Private companies may provide a better service than governments If they provide an efficient service, they will make more money.

Reading from paper has been proven to be more beneficial for cognitive development than reading from electronic devices.

Reading.

Books are by far the most convenient way to disseminate information.

Books are tangible and give you a sense of achievement when you finish one whereas the completion of an e-book affords less satisfaction.

Books have been with us for thousands of years.

Study.

Firstly, academic qualifications are required in many professions.

I believe that it is more beneficial for students to continue their studies.

The job market is becoming increasingly competitive, and sometimes there are hundreds of applicants for one position in a company. 

The option to start work straight after school is attractive for several reasons.
