Building.

A lot of artificial facilities have been built, which have certain unfavorable effects on the environment.

Building more houses can provide homes for people and boost economic growth.

Governments should spend money on looking after historic buildings

High-rise buildings are sometimes regarded as eyesores of the city.

Historic buildings are part of a country's heritage.

Historic buildings give character to cities and attract tourists.

Historic buildings took skilled craftsmen years to build. 

In some countries, the government provides state or council housing. This helps people who cannot afford to buy their own house.

It can be argued that state housing creates dependence on the government.

Modern buildings should be designed to be environmentally friendly.

Modern concrete, steel, and glass buildings are built in only weeks or months.

Modern glass buildings take advantage of natural light.

Modern insulation can make houses more energy-efficient.

Most ancient buildings are of great artistic and aesthetic value.

New buildings should be designed to complement historic buildings.

Old buildings are an essential part of our cultural heritage and can offer unique perspectives into our shared history.

Old buildings show us how people lived in the past.

People have no incentive to earn money and buy their own homes.

Replacing farmland and parks with houses has several negative impacts.

The building of facilities and infrastructure can destroy the habitat of wild animals.

The world would be a duller place if there were only modern buildings, which more or less resemble one another.

There is no denying that maintaining and repairing old buildings can be a costly undertaking.

City.

Banning cars encourages people to walk or cycle.

Cities are sometimes described as "concrete jungles".

Cities can offer greater employment possibilities and a higher standard of living.

Cities lack a sense of community.

Dependence on cars is linked to health problems like obesity.

Homelessness and poverty are common in the cities.

Life in the cities can be extremely stressful.

Life in the cities has its drawbacks.

Many European cities have built bicycle lanes.

Pedestrian areas are safer and more attractive for both residents and tourists.

Pedestrian zones in the city center can improve the local environment.

People migrate to cities from the countryside.

People move to cities in search of job opportunities.

The destruction of natural spaces can result in a degraded quality of life for people living in the area.

The development of cities has posed a threat to heritage sites.

The main problem for anyone who hopes to migrate to a large city is that the cost of living is likely to be much higher than it is in a small town or village.

There are problems like traffic congestion and crime in the cities.

Immigrant.

Although rural emigrants contribute greatly to the economic growth of the cities, they may inevitably bring about many negative impacts.

An increasing number of experts believe that migrants will exert positive effects on the construction of a city.

Companies might pay lower salaries to immigrant workers.

Free healthcare and schooling are available in some developed countries.

From an economic perspective, immigration can be extremely positive.

Governments should stop companies from exploiting immigrant workers. Foreign and local workers should have the right to equal pay and conditions.

In many countries, immigrants need visas or work permits.

Immigration can help the economy of a country, and it can create multi-cultural societies. However, immigration needs to be controlled.

Immigrants are sometimes recognized as a threat to social cohesion.

Immigrants who find work contribute to the economy of their new country.

Many immigrants come from less developed countries.

Many immigrants send money home to help family members.

Many sociologists point out that rural emigrants are putting pressure on population control and social order.

Other people migrate to a foreign country to improve their academic qualifications.

People of many different nationalities learn to live together.

Richer and industrialized countries may offer opportunities for employment.

Some immigrant workers work longer hours for less money.

Some people believe that immigrants take jobs that should go to local people.

Some people move to another country in search of a better life.

The influx of immigrant workers is the biggest reason behind city expansion.

Unemployment rates could rise if there are too many immigrants.

Library.

Libraries offer access to materials that are not available online.

Libraries serve as a center for academic community building.

Migrate.

Leaving one's home country gives access to a wider range of opportunities, particularly in terms of education and employment.

Staying in one's country can help to develop a better understanding of its culture, history, and society, which can be invaluable for those who want to make a positive contribution and improve their community.

Staying in one's home country allows people to remain close to their family and friends, which can provide a sense of security and emotional support. 

Museum.

On the one hand, it can be argued that the main role of a museum is to entertain. 

On the other hand, some people argue that museums should focus on education. 
