Entertainment.

Playing games on mobile phones leads to isolation in the society.

Playing games over mobile phones has been a crucial issue for parents.

Playing quiz games over phones brings creativity and a vast knowledge of new vocabulary words.

Video games can be both entertaining and educational.

Environment & Pollution & Global Warming

Advertisers encourage us to buy the newest fashions.

Afforestation can help to improve air quality, which can reduce the risk of suffering health problems such as respiratory diseases.

Air freight is likely to create enormous greenhouse gases.

At a time when technology means ever more harmful carbon in the air we breathe, we need these forests now more than ever.

Companies should make goods that last longer.

Environmental experts point out that increasing pollution not only causes serious problems such as global warming but also could threaten to end human life on our planet.

Environmental protection won't stand in the way of our pursuit of a really better life.

Factories and vehicles produce emissions and exhaust fumes. Cheap air travel is allowing more people to fly. Human activity is a major factor in the rise of the greenhouse gases.

Gases such as carbon dioxide trap heat from the sun which causes global temperatures to rise. This process is known as the greenhouse effect.

Global warming will have a significant impact on our planet.

Governments could certainly make more effort to reduce air pollution. 

Governments could introduce laws to limit emissions from factories. They should invest in renewable energy from solar, wind or water power. They could impose "green taxes" on drivers and airline companies. Government campaigns should promote recycling.

Governments should be stricter about waster produced by companies.

Individuals should also take responsibility for the impact they have on the environment. 

Individuals should also try to be greener. We should take fewer flights abroad for holidays. We should take public transport rather than driving. We should choose products with less packaging. We should recycle as much as possible.

Insufficient funding is another challenge that undermines effective environmental solutions.

Intensive farming can pose a threat to biodiversity.

It is true that many people today have chosen to go green and cut down on the use of energy.

It is universally acknowledged that trees are indispensable to us.

Many developing countries are becoming industrialized.

Most environmental degradation is attributed to human activities.

Most of the litter seen on streets is fast food packaging. This plastic packaging does not break down easily.

Natural areas and wild animals should be protected.

Noise pollution has imposed a serious threat on people's health and life these days, thus controlling noise-makers in a strict way is for everyone's well-being.

Our environment still be in a dire state.

Packaging is an important part of selling. Most foods are sold in non-biodegradable plastic packaging.

People do not think about the consequences of dropping rubbish. They assume that somebody is paid to clean the streets.

People should be educated to increase their environmental awareness. Incentives should be given by the government to encourage citizens to reduce the use of disposable items and recycle as much as possible.

Pollution poses a great threat to our existence.

Rapid population growth in urban areas is also responsible for the increase in garbage. 

Rising temperatures will cause melting of the polar ice caps and sea levels will rise. We can expect more extreme weather conditions. Flooding and droughts may become more common.

Small lifestyle changes can make a huge difference and reduce the environmental impact of our daily activities.

Similarly, customers also have a role to play, by showing greater interest towards items in simple packing.

Since many people today equate with superior packaging, companies would not often take the risk of reducing it for fear of losing their market share.

Some animals have died out because of illegal hunting.

Sometimes, it is difficult to evaluate the environmental cost of human activities.

The amount of household waste is growing. This waste ends up in landfill sites.

the amount of packaging also indicates the need to ensure the durability, safety, and freshness of products.

The amount of waste we produce has increased. This problem is a result of our consumer culture. Products are not made to last. If something breaks, we throw it away and buy a new one.

The emissions from vehicles and planes can cause air pollution.

The greater the population there is in a locality, the greater the need there is for water, transportation, and disposal of refuse.

The increasing world population is putting pressure on natural resources. Fossil fuels like oil and gas are running out.

The invention of electric vehicles is part of our effort to sustain the environment.

The lack of awareness and individual responsibility is one reason why environmental solutions are ineffective.

The problem is compounded by the poor efforts we made at recycling. 

The rapid population expansion is the main reason for the huge accumulation of waste.

The reason why environmental solutions remain ineffective is the disconnection between science and policy.

The reason why we have to grow trees is that they can supply fresh air for us.

The throw-away society, as some call it, is mainly the result of technological development and our change of attitude. 

The time spent in a kindergarten also makes educational sense.

There are collection banks for glass, paper and plastic bottles.

There is every sign that the environment must be sacrificed to some extent for the sake of the world economy.

There is no denying the fact that air pollution is an extremely serious problem: the city authorities should take strong measures to deal with it.

They should not use so much packaging. Governments should put legal limits on packaging. Consumers should avoid buying over-packaged products.

To begin with, it is urgent to create nature reserves. Secondly, certain rare wild animals that are going to be extinct should be collected, fed, and reproduced artificially. Finally, those who hunt them must be punished severely.

Two of the biggest threats to the environment are air pollution and waste.

We are destroying wildlife habitats. We have cut down enormous areas of rainforest. This has led to the extinction of many species of animals and plants.

We are paying through the nose in terms of environmental damage for the conveniences we enjoy nowadays.

We need to curb the frantic pace of development in order to protect the environment and ironically to improve the quality of life.

We should recycle and reuse useful materials. Households can use several rubbish bins to separate waste. Recycling saves energy and raw materials.

We should spare no effort to beautify our environment.

We will find it difficult to preserve biodiversity in the coming decades.

Equality.

Equal job opportunity for both sexes is not so much desirable as unavoidable.

Equal rights advocates are hailing the fact that more jobs are opening to both men and women.

Equality is a main factor in measuring a nation's success.

In my opinion, an egalitarian society is one in which everyone has the same rights and the same opportunities.

I believe that all children should have access to free schooling, and higher education should be either free or affordable for all those who choose to pursue a university degree.

I would argue that equal rights and opportunities are not in conflict with people's freedom to succeed or fail.

Failure.

People differ in their attitudes towards failure. Faced with it, some of them can stand up to it, draw useful lessons from it, and try hard to fulfill what they are determined to do. Others, however, lose heart and give in.
