Crime.

A prison sentence can be damaging to young people due to the fact that the criminal record can cast a long shadow on their career.

Age plays a key factor in how young people should be treated for committing crimes.

Another argument against the excessive reporting of crime on media contends that it can be detrimental to the accused individual's reputation.

Capital punishment deters crime. Fear of the death penalty stops people from committing offenses.

Capital punishment is not a good deterrent.

Crime is one of the main subjects of most news programs. The media report crime stories in order to increase their audience.

Criminals are put together. They make friends with other offenders.

Education programs can contribute to improving prisoners' self-esteem and sense of purpose, which can aid in their rehabilitation process.

Fines are used as punishment for minor crimes.

If the crime is more serious, prison is the most common punishment

Imposing stiff punishment is an effective method to reduce crime.

It is essential for the media to provide detailed information about crimes as it helps the public understand the impact of these incidents on society.

It would seem optimistic to claim that crimes can be reduced at a time when the crime rates in most countries are actually rising. 

Last but not least, many of those underaged criminals go astray because of the lack of communication. 

Legislation should make drunk driving a criminal offense.

Like war, crime is not likely to be totally eradicated, if history is any judge. 

Many criminals do not think they will be caught.

Many prisoners re-offend when they are released. A criminal record makes finding a job more difficult.

One of the primary reasons for the high proportion of criminal acts committed by teenagers is a lack of parental guidance and supervision.

One of the significant reasons for the rising number of criminal activities by teenagers is the increasing influence of technology. 

Our goal to punish wrongdoers is not to seek revenge, but to prevent further damage.

People in some countries have to face a long prison term if they commit crimes.

Police officers should be involved with education and prevention.

Poverty is responsible for the crime wave in many communities.

Punishment could make prisoners' behavior worse.

Restricting information about crimes can have negative consequences as it can lead to increased misinformation and fear among the public.

Some criminals pose a threat to society.

Some people argue that harsh punishments can help deter crime.

The availability of detailed descriptions of crimes on newspapers and TV plays a crucial role in holding perpetrators accountable for their actions.

The death penalty shows that crime is not tolerated.

The idea that education can be a panacea for crime is overly simplifying the issue.

The job of the police is to catch criminals.

The mass media focuses on violent and sensational crimes. This led to fear of crime among the public.

The police should be in close contact with schools.

The reason why detailed descriptions of crime on media should be limited is that it may lead to an excessive amount of fear among the public.

The restriction of detailed crime descriptions in media could lead to a lack of transparency and accountability in law enforcement.

The severity of the crime committed by young people should also be considered before passing judgment on them.

The severity of the punishment should be measured according to the nature and impact of the offense.

The socioeconomic situation of a country also has a significant impact on juvenile delinquency. 

There should be an increase in the number of police officers on the streets.

Those serious offenders should be sent to prison.

To ultimately prevent crime, we have to dive into the root of crime.

Video surveillance is another tool against crime and is capable of being misused. 

We only increase criminals' bitterness and criminal inclination by locking them up or maltreating them.

While providing education for prisoners is certainly a positive step, it is unlikely to be effective unless it is accompanied by other measures.

Punishment.

Children who are punished physically may become shy or resentful.

Corporal punishment creates an atmosphere of fear and anger.

Corporal Punishment is not a good idea.

Physical punishment is a way of controlling children using fear.

Surveillance.

Some people think that this surveillance violates our privacy.

The authorities could build databases with our pictures and identities.

The use of CCTV is becoming widespread.

Video cameras are supposed to protect us and deter criminals.

Video cameras have been installed in many public places.

We should not be treated like criminals.


