Dress.

Students are in no danger of losing their individuality by wearing uniforms as the kind of clothes we wear is only a slight indication of our personality.

Students won't engage in some vain and vicious competition about who has the best clothing.

The Uniform gives the students a sense of community.

Entertainment.

Playing games on mobile phones leads to isolation in society.

Playing games over mobile phones has been a crucial issue for parents.

Playing quiz games over phones brings creativity and a vast knowledge of new vocabulary words.

Video games can be both entertaining and educational.

Fashion.

Global advertisement has made the world a global village and various fashion companies have established their branches in the entire world to sell innovative fashion things in every supermarket of the world.

In more cases, it is the positive traits of a product that motivate consumers to buy.

Many people consider it necessary to follow fashion.

Many people seem to overlook the basic fact: the major function of clothing is to keep us warm and comfortable.

Many young people always go into raptures at the mere mention of buying fashionable clothes. 

Some people choose to buy clothes with high popularity in order to follow a trend, and by following others, they can get a sense of belonging, connection, and identity.

There has been a general discussion over fashion in recent years.

We all live in a glamorous where various fashion industries develop new fashions all across the world further, people use them and try to imitate.

Happiness.

Competition is the first reason why people in developed countries are not happy that they were.

Happiness is difficult to define because it means something different to each individual person.

Happiness means different things to different people. 

Peace of mind is essential to achieving happiness.

People in developed countries already have wealth to enjoy a better standard of living so increased wealth will not add any happiness in their day-to-day life on the other hand

Some people see money as a source of happiness, but other people define happiness as something deeper.

Hobby.

A hobby is also an antidote to stress.

Anyone can take interesting pictures without knowing too much about the technicalities of operating a camera.

Hobbies are beneficial because they are a genuine source of fun and pleasure.

Hobbies enable us to associate more with others who have similar hobbies.

I believe that many hobbies give us more pleasure when we reach a higher level of performance because the results are better and the feeling of achievement is greater.

Holiday.

More and more people choose to avoid the holiday season to go traveling because tourist sites are invariably overcrowded during public holidays.

People themselves know when they would most enjoy a vacation.

The idea of people in different professions having holidays at different times is often out of necessity.

This kind of liberal attitude toward holidays can reduce the strain on public facilities during the holiday season.

LifeStyle.

A second measure would be for governments to encourage immigration in order to increase the number of working adults who pay taxes.

All these reasons are making human beings less patient and more arrogant, and dragging them towards inhumanity.

An aging population will mean a greater tax burden for working adults.

For people who want to adopt a healthy and meaningful lifestyle, it is important to find time to learn certain new knowledge.

For the majority of people, reading or learning a new skill has become the focus of their lives and the source of their happiness and contentment after their retirement.

For those seeking a quiet life, the countryside is the best place.

From what has been discussed above, I am fully convinced that the leisure lifestyle is undergoing a decline with the progress of modern society, but it is not necessarily a bad thing.

The quality of life is as important as life itself.

In this fast-paced world, every individual seems to be running to keep up with their goals.

Isolation and loneliness are often associated with a rustic life.

Those living outside cities must be content with fewer career opportunities.

Though possessing a superior natural environment, the countryside is often notorious for its lack of amenities, facilities, and public service.

You can broaden your interests and enrich your life by accessing whatever and whoever you are interested in.

Money from national budgets will need to be taken from other areas and spent on vital healthcare, accommodation, and transport facilities for the rising numbers of older citizens.

Most people nowadays lead a sedentary lifestyle. 

Nowadays, people of this age tend to be healthy enough to continue a productive working life.

Tourism.

Beautiful beaches are spoiled by the building of hotels.

Local traditions and cultures may be endangered.

Low-cost airlines are making it cheaper to travel abroad.

Many people believe that international tourism produces positive effects on economic growth.

Many people today enjoy the pleasure of traveling around the world and appreciating exotic cultures and landscapes.

Proper measures must be taken to limit the number of foreign tourists and great efforts should be made to protect the local environment and history from the harmful effects of international tourism.

Some areas rely on tourism for their income.

The living standard of the average Chinese is still not high enough to be able to afford the many different sorts of expenses during long-distance travel.

The price of goods, services, and housing may increase significantly.

The problem of international tourism has caused wide public concern over the recent years.

The tourist trade is vital for some economies. 

The way I see it, tourism can do much to promote tradition and culture.

Traveling abroad opens our minds.

Tourism attracts investment from multi-national companies.

Tourism brings China a lot of benefits. 

Tourism can have a negative effect on the natural environment.

Tourism creates pollution and waste.

Tourism, however, gives rise to a number of problems.

Tourism is a popular leisure activity.

Tourism should have a low impact on wildlife.

Tourist spots endeavor to cater to tourists' needs and tastes.

Tourists can experience different cultures.

What these people fail to see is that international tourism may bring about a disastrous impact on our environment and local history.
