Communication.

Young people should be encouraged to communicate with their peers and develop their interpersonal skills, which may help them greatly to reduce dependence on their parents and are essential in the maintenance of healthy mental condition.

By mingling with one another on a daily basis, boys and girls can relinquish the stereotypical view about the other sex.

Communication and isolation must not be defined in a narrow sense. Alienation of people is not caused by how little they talk or meet each other but by a lack of interest in our fellow creatures or the world at large.

Communication is made easy by technology, which promises infinite possibilities ahead.

Community service provides offenders with opportunities to acquire transferable skills.

Commuting time has been prolonged because of traffic congestion.

Evaluation and criticism are themselves effective forms of communication.

People need to improve their relationships with others around them, be it a colleague, a loved one, or a total stranger by really communicating with and caring for each other.

We should not ignore face-to-face communication.

The main problem for anyone who hopes to migrate to a large city is that the cost of living is likely to be much higher than it is in a small town or village.

Firstly, they could invest money in the building of affordable or social housing to reduce the cost of living. Secondly, politicians have the power to ban vehicles from city centers and promote the use of cleaner public transport, which would help to reduce both air pollution and traffic congestion.

Competition.

A sense of competition can certainly bring about improvement.

The total synergy of a team is far more important than the strength of an individual player.

When it comes to an effective remedy for the weaknesses in competition, people naturally think of cooperation.

Whereas the urge to improve provided by competition is based on personal gratification, i.e. the seeking of glory and victory and the avoidance of pain and humiliation, that of cooperation is grounded on one's devotion to a common goal.

While giving competition its due credit, we should encourage students to cooperate with each other because success is not achieved by defeating others but by improving ourselves.

Without competition, they will lose their drive to better themselves.

Computer.

A Computer is the most efficient if one wants to search for something that happened two weeks ago.

A computer provides access to a wealth of information.

Additionally, the computer illiterate will encounter problems in daily life. 

Computer skills can be applied in their studies as well as their working lives.

Computer technology gives people opportunities to communicate with each other.

Computers help to prevent isolation by bringing every possible field of interest onto the screen.

Gaming can be highly addictive because users are constantly given scores, new targets and frequent rewards to keep them playing.

It is widely acknowledged that computers and other machines have become an indispensable part of our society, which make our life and work more comfortable and less laborious.

No winder computer skills are now taken for granted by employers just as the ability to read and write.

Our mode of communication is forever changing and computers represent the latest way of communication.

People believe that computer skills will enhance their job opportunities or promotion opportunities.

People equate success in life with the ability to operate the computer.

Preferably, computer training should be made compulsory and free of charge for the students and enough training centers should be set up to provide low-cost training for adults.

So extensively are computers used that it is impossible not to come into contact with them in everyday life.

Thanks to the development of the computer and the Internet, distance learning has been made available to most people.

The Computer is the most efficient if one wants to search for something that happened two weeks ago.

The ignorance of computers severely curtails your chances for personal development.

The impact of computers on communication skills varies across ages.

Without adequate computer skills, finding employment may prove increasingly challenging.

Consume.

Consumerism creates employment. It helps to reduce poverty, and encourages innovation and creativity in business.

Consumerist societies create more waste. They use more natural resources and cause damage to the environment. Consumerism creates a "throw-away" culture.

Noted brands offer goods of better quality in comparison with small brands.

People nowadays want to show off their social status or their wealth.

Society has become increasingly materialistic; people aspire to earn more money and they want a bigger house or a better car. We connect wealth and material possessions with happiness and success.

We live in a global economy and we could have a better quality of life.