Advertisement.

Advertisers often aim their marketing at children. Children can easily be influenced by advertisements. Children put pressure on parents to buy them things.

Advertising adds to the anxiety of the young by telling them all kinds of problems they are to have if they don't use certain products or services.

Advertising creates new desires and needs. It persuades us to buy the latest styles.

Advertising is a creative industry that employs many people; it's a form of modern art. Without advertising there would be higher unemployment.

Advertising is a key part of modern business. Companies need to tell customers about their products. Advertisements inform us about the choices we have.

Advertising is ubiquitous. Wherever you go, you are likely to see or hear some form of advertising, usually for a certain product or service. 

Advertising manipulates people. It aims to persuade people that buying a product will make them happier.

Advertisers focus on selling a brand image. They use glamorous, successful people. We are encouraged to associate certain brands with a higher social status.

Advertising should be regulated. Advertising aimed at children should be controlled or even banned. Unhealthy foods should not be marketed in a way that attracts children. Products that can be a risk to health should display warnings.

Advertisements often withhold the truth from the public.

Although credits should be given to commercial advertisements for informing the public, strict control should be imposed to rid them of the usual misrepresentation of the truth. Adverts must be truthful or banned altogether.

Despite its big role in modern society, advertising needs to be strictly regulated and restricted because the strategies employed in advertising are becoming increasingly insidious and vicious.

For one thing, advertisements often withhold the truth from the public. 

Governments should only censor false information or products that are harmful.

However, advertising is necessary in free market economies. It creates demand for products.

I believe that there is a direct link between fast food advertisements and rising levels of obesity.

In order to sell more products, advertisements are designed with no concern for the truth.

In some countries, it is illegal to advertise cigarettes on television. Warnings must be displayed on cigarette packets.

It is necessary to put/impose restrictions on those advertisements which encourage people to buy more than they need.

Most adverts advocate an unhealthy way of life.

People enjoy adverts. Without advertising, we would have less choice.

This is commonly believed that the companies who have a monopoly in the market should not invest on advertisement.

We now live in. a consumer culture. We are persuaded to follow the latest trend.

Agriculture.

Large-scale farming is becoming unsustainable because it is not energy efficient and damages the environment.

Modern farming methods need to be closely examined and improved because our health is at stake here.

This kind of technology-intensive agriculture also has its side effects.

Alien.

However, there are other serious issues on earth that need immediate attention rather than future problems.

Supports believe that not only people's everyday lives but also the future of the human race will therefore benefit from launching alien projects. 

To begin with, searching for life on other space bodies could be a contingent plan in the worst case because of the increasing risk to life on Earth.

Alternative Medicines.

Many alternative medicines have not been tested scientifically. They may have to beneficial effect at all. They may cause unknown side effects.

People are increasingly using alternative medicines to treat illnesses. Herbal medicines can be used to treat allergies or viruses. Many patients report positive experiences with these treatments.

People should trust the opinions of qualified doctors. An illness could get worse without treatment from a doctor.

Some traditional cures have been used for hundreds of years. For example, acupuncture can be used to treat backache.

Animal.

Animals are used in important scientific research. It is necessary to do medical tests on new drugs.

Animal testing helps to advance medical and scientific knowledge. Many important medical discoveries involved experimentation on animals.

Humans have no moral right to do experiments on animals. The lives of animals should be respected.

I also disagree with the idea that protecting animals is a waste of resources.

I would advocate equal treatment to all things, living or unliving. There should be no destruction of anything unless absolutely necessary.

In my opinion, it is absurd to argue that wild animals have no place in the 21st century. 

Just as we have our human rights, animals should also enjoy animal rights.

Protecting wild animals also has significant economic benefits.

Reliable alternatives to animal experimentation may not always be available.

Researchers aim to minimize the suffering that animals experience.

Testing for the cosmetics industry is now banned in many countries.

The benefits of research using animals do not justify the suffering caused. There are alternative methods of research.

The caged animals in zoos are not what they really are.

There are clear ethical arguments against animal experimentation.

To put animals in zoos is another reflection of our wrongful attitude towards nature.

We have superior powers over most animals. 

We are on top of the food chain. 

We can choose to treat animals as equals. 

Wild animals are valuable to the ecosystem.

Wild animals have an inherent right to exist.

Art.

Art may be the highest form of enjoyment. It addresses our psychological, mental, and spiritual needs.

Art is a reflection of the real world.

Basic problems should be tackled first before we take on the lofty undertaking of art.

Many leaders of government always go into raptures at the mere mention of artistic and cultural projects. They are forever talking about the nice parks, the smart sculptures in the central city, and the art galleries with various valuable rarities. Nothing, they maintain, is more essential than such projects in economic growth.

The arts are not among the core subject areas at school.

The decline in creativity can be partly attributed to modern ways of entertainment.

The material wealth generated by science and technology often pales against the peace of mind brought by art or literature.

Those who are in favor of artistic and cultural projects advocate that the cultural environment will attract more tourists, which will bring huge profits to local residents. Some people even equate the building of such projects with the improvement of economic construction.

BarChart.

Their rate rose approximately 30 percentage points.

The data indicates that the country with a more developed economy has a higher proportion of workers in the service sector than in the agricultural sector.

Approximately six out of ten people work in the service sector, the figure doubling the percentage of population employed in industry.

The lowest percentage of employees work in industry, with 10%.

Exactly half of the people find their jobs in the service sector. 

London experienced by far the greatest changes in house prices over the 13-year period.

The cost of average homes in Tokyo and London dropped by around 7%, while New York house prices went down by 5%.

London house prices jumped to around 12% above the 1989 average.

The cost of an average home in Madrid rose by a further 2%, while prices in Frankfurt remained stable.

It is clear that the USA is by far the most successful Olympic medal-winning nation. It is also noticeable that the figures for gold, silver and bronze medals won by any particular country tend to be fairly similar.

All with similar proportions of each medal colour.

These figures were nearly three times as high as those for the second highest category, bus services.

With a noticeably larger proportion of people aged under 20.

On the other hand, had a significantly larger percentage of elderly inhabitants.

Close to 14% of people were aged 5 or under, and each five-year age bracket above this contained an increasingly smaller proportion of the population.

Somewhere between 10% and 15% of all French people were aged 70 or older, but the equivalent figure for India was only 2%.

Looking more closely at gender, there was a noticeably higher proportion of French women than men in every cohort from age 50 upwards.

It is clear that British people spent significantly more money than people in the other three countries on all six goods.

which is the highest figure shown on the chart.

Bike.

Bicycles are cheap and efficient transport modes.

Bicycles are unfit for long-distant traveling.

Bicycles are a very low-cost mode of transport.

Bicycles can be easily maneuvered around traffic, and they can be parked almost anywhere

Bicycles can't shield against rain or dust.

Bicycle is the most environment-friendly means of transport except for walking.

Cycling is healthy and better for the environment.

Due to traffic congestion, cycling is often the quickest way to reach your destination.

Promoting cycling will lead to considerable reductions in cities' traffic congestion.

The information I've collected over the recent years leads me to believe that bicycles will continue to play extremely important roles in modern society.

Riding a bike contributes to our health.

The bicycle is indeed a brilliant human invention. 

Unlike cars and public transportation systems, bicycles do not require expensive fuel, maintenance, or infrastructure to operate.

Unlike many other devices, the bike reinforces our reliance on ourselves both physically and mentally. This never fails to fascinate me.

Using a bicycle contributes greatly to people's physical fitness as well as easing traffic jams.

Building.

A lot of artificial facilities have been built, which have certain unfavorable effects on the environment.

Building more houses can provide homes for people and boost economic growth.

Council properties are often made with cheap, poor-quality materials.

High-rise buildings are sometimes regarded as eyesores of the city.

Historic buildings are part of a country's heritage. They should be protected. Governments should spend money on looking after historic buildings. They need regular repairs and maintenance.

Historic buildings give character to cities and attract tourists. We identify countries by architectural symbols like the pyramids in Egypt.

In some countries, the government provides state or council housing. This helps people who cannot afford to buy their own house.

It can be argued that state housing creates dependence on the government. People should not rely on the government to look after them.

Modern buildings should be designed to be environmentally friendly. They should use less energy and produce less waste.

Modern insulation can make houses more energy-efficient. Rainwater and wastewater can be recycled and used to flush toilets. Modern glass buildings take advantage of natural light.

Most ancient buildings are of great artistic and aesthetic value.

New buildings should be designed to complement historic buildings.

Old buildings are an essential part of our cultural heritage and can offer unique perspectives into our shared history.

Old buildings show us how people lived in the past. They are often considered to be works of art.

People have no incentive to earn money and buy their own home.

Replacing farmland and parks with houses has several negative impacts.

The world would be a duller place if there were only modern buildings, which more or less resemble one another.

There is no denying that maintaining and repairing old buildings can be a costly undertaking.

Business.

Companies should provide working mothers with maternity leave and other forms of support. 

Many companies prefer a "change of blood" from time to time to maintain their competitiveness and vitality.

Running an organization in today's world can be a daunting task because competition is stiff and technology is developing rapidly.

Some people argue that making cheap products is more important since it makes goods more affordable and accessible to a broader range of people.

The economic slowdown has led to a climbing unemployment rate.

There are advocates for durable products. They believe that making products that are long-lasting is more ethical and environmentally sustainable.

There are those who argue that producing cheap goods is more beneficial.

Those who believe that products should be made to last argue that durable products reduce waste, save resources, and are more sustainable.

To counter the undesirable effects of rigid administration, emotional investment is advanced as another better course to success in business.

While there are benefits to both sides, prioritizing durability over cheapness is preferable.

Career.

Career success depends on individual merit.

Employees have a stable career with one employer. They have a good pension and health insurance. Their salaries gradually increase. They may be promoted within the organization. There is a clearly defined path for development.

In a fast-changing world workers need to be flexible.

Many people's feelings of job satisfaction come from their professional achievements, the skills they learn, and the position they reach, rather than the money they earn. 

People can retrain in a different occupation. They can learn different skills. People who change jobs can gain experience. People need to develop a range of experience and skills.

People often change jobs in order to further their careers. Another company may offer a promotion or a higher salary. Changing jobs is interesting and challenging.

Personally, I disagree with the idea that money is the key consideration when deciding on a career, because I believe that other factors are equally important.

Personal relationships and the atmosphere in a workplace are extremely important when choosing a job. 

Selecting a suitable candidate for a vacancy is not an easy task

Some people choose a career because they want to help others and contribute something positive to society.

They demonstrate loyalty. They become part of a team. Experienced staff can be trusted with more responsibility.

While salaries certainly affect people's choice of profession, I do not believe that money outweighs all other motivators.

Child Labourer.

In some countries, children are exploited. They do repetitive jobs for very low pay. Children are often used in agriculture and factory work.

Many people think that children should be free to enjoy their childhood. The employment of children is prohibited in other countries.

Governments should make education a priority. They should build new schools. They should supply the resources to educate children. Children need to be given the knowledge and skills for adult life.

City.

Banning cars encourages people to walk or cycle.

Cities lack a sense of community. People do not even know their neighbors. Cities are sometimes described as "concrete jungles".

Dependence on cars is linked to health problems like obesity. People who walk or cycle regularly are generally healthier.

Life in the cities can be extremely stressful.

Life in the cities has its drawbacks. The cost of living is higher than that in rural areas. Housing is usually much more expensive.

Many European cities have built bicycle lanes.

Pedestrian areas are safer and more attractive for both residents and tourists.

Pedestrian zones in city center can improve the local environment.

People move to cities in search of job opportunities. Cities can offer greater employment possibilities and a higher standard of living.

Some people do not manage to find work. Homelessness and poverty are common in the cities. There is a gap between the rich and the poor.

The destruction of natural spaces can result in a degraded quality of life for people living in the area.

The development of cities has posed a threat to heritage sites.

The development of houses in these areas can help to meet the increasing demand for housing as urban populations continue to grow.

The main advantage of separating shops, schools, offices, and homes in specific areas is that it can reduce traffic congestion by preventing long commute times.

The primary drawback is that it can lead to social isolation, as people are more likely to interact with those who share the same daily activities.

The replacement of farmland with houses will cause a significant reduction in the availability of agricultural land, which could exacerbate food scarcity in the future.

The replacement of green spaces with housing often results in an increase in pollution, as more cars are required to navigate the new urban landscape.

There are problems like traffic congestion and crime in the cities.

Traditional activities like farming need fewer workers nowadays. People migrate to cities from the countryside.

Climate Change.

Climate change is a significant problem that has a damaging effect on the planet and its inhabitants.

If instead of taking the above measures we simply try to live with climate change, I believe that the consequences will be disastrous. 

Preventing climate change can help maintain the natural balance of the environment.

Relying on the strategy of living with climate change could prove costly in the long run. It could lead to unsustainable practices, which could pose a significant threat to the environment in the future.

There are various measures that governments and individuals could take to prevent, or at least mitigate, climate change.

Communication.

Young people should be encouraged to communicate with their peers and develop their interpersonal skills, which may help them greatly to reduce dependence on their parents and are essential in the maintenance of healthy mental condition.

By mingling with one another on a daily basis, boys and girls can relinquish the stereotypical view about the other sex.

Communication and isolation must not be defined in a narrow sense. Alienation of people is not caused by how little they talk or meet each other but by a lack of interest in our fellow creatures or the world at large.

Communication is made easy by technology, which promises infinite possibilities ahead.

Community service provides offenders with opportunities to acquire transferable skills.

Commuting time has been prolonged because of traffic congestion.

Evaluation and criticism are themselves effective forms of communication.

People need to improve their relationships with others around them, be it a colleague, a loved one, or a total stranger by really communicating with and caring for each other.

We should not ignore face-to-face communication.

The main problem for anyone who hopes to migrate to a large city is that the cost of living is likely to be much higher than it is in a small town or village.

Firstly, they could invest money in the building of affordable or social housing to reduce the cost of living. Secondly, politicians have the power to ban vehicles from city centers and promote the use of cleaner public transport, which would help to reduce both air pollution and traffic congestion.

Competition.

A sense of competition can certainly bring about improvement.

The total synergy of a team is far more important than the strength of an individual player.

When it comes to an effective remedy for the weaknesses in competition, people naturally think of cooperation.

Whereas the urge to improve provided by competition is based on personal gratification, i.e. the seeking of glory and victory and the avoidance of pain and humiliation, that of cooperation is grounded on one's devotion to a common goal.

While giving competition its due credit, we should encourage students to cooperate with each other because success is not achieved by defeating others but by improving ourselves.

Without competition, they will lose their drive to better themselves.

Computer.

A Computer is the most efficient if one wants to search for something that happened two weeks ago.

A computer provides access to a wealth of information.

Additionally, the computer illiterate will encounter problems in daily life. 

Computer skills can be applied in their studies as well as their working lives.

Computer technology gives people opportunities to communicate with each other.

Computers help to prevent isolation by bringing every possible field of interest onto the screen.

Gaming can be highly addictive because users are constantly given scores, new targets and frequent rewards to keep them playing.

It is widely acknowledged that computers and other machines have become an indispensable part of our society, which make our life and work more comfortable and less laborious.

No winder computer skills are now taken for granted by employers just as the ability to read and write.

Our mode of communication is forever changing and computers represent the latest way of communication.

People believe that computer skills will enhance their job opportunities or promotion opportunities.

People equate success in life with the ability to operate the computer.

Preferably, computer training should be made compulsory and free of charge for the students and enough training centers should be set up to provide low-cost training for adults.

So extensively are computers used that it is impossible not to come into contact with them in everyday life.

Thanks to the development of the computer and the Internet, distance learning has been made available to most people.

The Computer is the most efficient if one wants to search for something that happened two weeks ago.

The ignorance of computers severely curtails your chances for personal development.

The impact of computers on communication skills varies across ages.

Without adequate computer skills, finding employment may prove increasingly challenging.

Consume.

Consumerism creates employment. It helps to reduce poverty, and encourages innovation and creativity in business.

Consumerist societies create more waste. They use more natural resources and cause damage to the environment. Consumerism creates a "throw-away" culture.

Noted brands offer goods of better quality in comparison with small brands.

People nowadays want to show off their social status or their wealth.

Society has become increasingly materialistic; people aspire to earn more money and they want a bigger house or a better car. We connect wealth and material possessions with happiness and success.

We live in a global economy and we could have a better quality of life.

Cooperation.

Besides, compared to competition, cooperation gives a greater impetus to progress.

Cooperation is essential to success.

Crime.

A prison sentence can be damaging to young people due to the fact that the criminal record can cast a long shadow on their career.

Age plays a key factor in how young people should be treated for committing crimes.

Another argument against the excessive reporting of crime on media contends that it can be detrimental to the accused individual's reputation.

Capital punishment is not a good deterrent. Crime rates are not necessarily reduced. Many criminals do not think they will be caught.

Crime is one of the main subjects of most news programs. The media report crime stories in order to increase their audience.

Criminals are put together. They make friends with other offenders.

Education programs can contribute to improving prisoners' self-esteem and sense of purpose, which can aid in their rehabilitation process.

Fines are used as punishment for minor crimes. If the crime is more serious, prison is the most common punishment. Some criminals pose a threat to society. They are put in prison to ensure the safety of other citizens.

Imposing stiff punishment is an effective method to reduce crime.

It is essential for the media to provide detailed information about crimes as it helps the public understand the impact of these incidents on society.

It would seem optimistic to claim that crimes can be reduced at a time when the crime rates in most countries are actually rising. 

Last but not least, many of those underaged criminals go astray because of the lack of communication. 

Legislation should make drunk driving a criminal offense.

Like war, crime is not likely to be totally eradicated, if history is any judge. 

Many prisoners re-offend when they are released. A criminal record makes finding a job more difficult.

One of the primary reasons for the high proportion of criminal acts committed by teenagers is a lack of parental guidance and supervision.

One of the significant reasons for the rising number of criminal activities by teenagers is the increasing influence of technology. 

Our goal to punish wrongdoers is not to seek revenge, but to prevent further damage.

People in some countries have to face a long prison term if they commit crimes.

Police officers should be seen as part of the community.  They should be involved with education and prevention.

Poverty is responsible for the crime wave in many communities.

Punishment could make prisoners' behavior worse.

Reformed individuals may not be the best role models for teenagers, especially if their criminal past involved violent or serious crimes.

Restricting information about crimes can have negative consequences as it can lead to increased misinformation and fear among the public.

Some people argue that harsh punishments can help deter crime.

Supporters say that capital punishment deters crime. Fear of the death penalty stops people from committing offenses.

The availability of detailed descriptions of crimes on newspapers and TV plays a crucial role in holding perpetrators accountable for their actions.

The death penalty shows that crime is not tolerated.

The idea that education can be a panacea for crime is overly simplifying the issue.

The job of the police is to catch criminals. They must also prevent crime and make communities safer.

The mass media focuses on violent and sensational crimes. This led to fear of crime among the public.

The police should be in close contact with schools. They should focus on young people who have dropped out of school. These teenagers may become involved with gangs.

The reason why detailed descriptions of crime on media should be limited is that it may lead to an excessive amount of fear among the public.

The restriction of detailed crime descriptions in media could lead to a lack of transparency and accountability in law enforcement.

The severity of the crime committed by young people should also be considered before passing judgment on them.

The severity of the punishment should be measured according to the nature and impact of the offense.

The socioeconomic situation of a country also has a significant impact on juvenile delinquency. 

There should be an increase in the number of police officers on the streets.

Those serious offenders should be sent to prison.

To ultimately prevent crime, we have to dive into the root of crime.

Video surveillance is another tool against crime and is capable of being misused. 

We only increase criminals' bitterness and criminal inclination by locking them up or maltreating them.

While providing education for prisoners is certainly a positive step, it is unlikely to be effective unless it is accompanied by other measures.

Culture.

As the daily world integrates, we need to communicate and travel around. The assimilation of the new doesn't necessarily result in the loss of the old. Foreign cultures and languages and their national counterpart actually complement each other.

Exposure to different cultures can encourage creativity.

For the lack of a distinct culture, some places will not attract tourists any more.

It is not viable nor sensible to preserve all traditional art forms. When its time comes, no elixir can save it. But those that have stood the test of time and have real artistic values should be preserved and promoted.

It is very common for Chinese people to exchange lavish gifts.

Perception of beauty differs from culture to culture.

We learn English out of academic, diplomatic, commercial, or other practical considerations because English is the preferred language when communicating with most foreigners.

Disabled People.

Discrimination against disabled people is illegal in many countries.

People with disabilities should be treated the same as everybody else. They should have the same rights as other people. They should have access to the same jobs as other citizens.

Ramps and lifts for wheelchairs should be installed in public buildings.

Diet.

Importing food can have economic consequences, as local farmers may suffer if they cannot compete against cheaper imported produce.

Imported food often requires long distances to travel to reach its destination, resulting in high carbon emissions.

One advantage of eating food from all over the world is the wider variety that is available.

People need information about what foods contain. Food packaging must show the food's nutritional content.

There should be more time for sports on school timetables. Unhealthy junk food should be banned from school menus.

Transportation and packaging of food from the other side of the world incur environmental costs, from increased carbon emissions to the usage of single-use plastics.

Divorce.

In the past, divorce was unacceptable; it was considered to be embarrassing for a family. People stayed together for religious or family reasons.

Divorce can be extremely stressful. Lone parents may face financial difficulties. Many single parents have to rely on benefits paid by the state.

Divorce can have a negative effect on children. Children from single-parent families are more likely to get lower grades or drop out of school.

Divorce is more socially acceptable nowadays. It has become much more common.

The rise in divorce rates may be connected to some social problems.

Dress.

Students are in no danger of losing their individuality by wearing uniforms as the kind of clothes we wear is only a slight indication of our personality.

Students won't engage in some vain and vicious competition about who has the best clothing.

The Uniform gives the students a sense of community.

Economic.

A country's economic development relies on a supply of young workers.

As for me, with the development of our national economy, all these problems will certainly be solved step by step.

As is known to all, fake and inferior commodities harm the interests of consumers.

Because of the uncertainty about the economic outlook, many companies are unlikely to recruit new employees.

Giving money to teenagers who just enter society and are prone to dangerous activities can be a way of spoiling them.

Greed for money often robs people of their humanity.

In the consumer society, bare necessities are not able to satisfy people's needs.

Money can be used for cleanup operations which can help create a pleasant environment.

One of the evident benefits of giving money to teenagers is that they will have the capability of standing up on their own.

Opening new branches in developing countries can reduce the cost of production and generate huge profits.

Rural areas provide people with opportunities to escape the pressures and noises of modern life.

Success is forever pursued by nations as well as individuals. All too often people mistake success for economic success, which is rather deplorable. Among the factors contributing to real success, a booming economy is an inconsequential one.

The increase in demand caused the rise in prices.

There are some economically deprived communities in large cities.

There are two reasons for the improvement in people's living conditions. In the first place, we have been carrying out the reform and opening-up policy. Secondly, there has been a rapid expansion of our national economy. Furthermore, the birth rate has been put under control.

There is a growing tendency these days for many people who live in rural areas to come into and work in the city. This problem has caused wide public concern in most cities all over the world.

There is very little evidence that big companies are willing to invest a huge sum of money in a place without sufficient basic projects, such as supplies of electricity and water.

Education.

A healthy economy needs a wide range of workers. Some manual workers will always be needed.

A university degree is not necessary for many service professions.

A large number of people tend to live under the illusion that they have completed their education when they finished their schooling. Obviously, they seem to fail to take into account the basic fact that a person's education is the most important aspect of his life.

A large number of students in China have to do self-study at night.

Although banned by the Ministry of Education, extra classes are thought to be beneficial by most teachers and parents.

Although parent would be able to devote much more time and energy to their children, it must be admitted that parent has less experience and knowledge about how to educate and supervise children, when compared with professional teachers working in kindergartens or nursery schools.

Although people's lives have dramatically changed over the last decades, it must be admitted that shortage of funds is still one of the biggest questions that students nowadays have to face because tuition fees and the prices of books are soaring by the day.

Although this view is widely held, this is little evidence that education can be obtained at any age and at any place.

An increasing number of people are beginning to realize that education is not complete with graduation.

As for me, I'm in favor of the opinion that education is not complete with graduation, for the following reasons:...

At the present stage of development, distance learning is still inferior to school education.

At the same time, there are still many people who live under the traditional idea that day schools play an extremely important role in children's study.

Bad behavior is due to a lack of structure and discipline. Many disruptive students come from an unstable family background.

By mingling with one another on a daily basis, boys and girls can relinquish the stereotype view about the other sex.

Children need to have access to free schooling. Computer equipment could be donated. The Internet can expose students to a world of knowledge and information.

Children will have less time to play and communicate with their peers due to extra studies, consequently, it is difficult to develop and cultivate their character and interpersonal skills. They may become more solitary and even suffer from certain mental illnesses.

Children will miss out on the social experience that school offers. At school, children learn how to get on with each other. Home-schooled children may lack social skills.

Children with parents whose guidance is firm, consistent, and rational are inclined to possess high levels of self-confidence.

Co-education is usually preferred because it resembles the real world.

Co-education seems the natural mode of education because males and females are not separated in real life unless absolutely necessary.

Computers are expensive to maintain and can be unreliable.

Discipline could be lacking at home. They should take responsibility for their children's behavior.

Discipline problems are avoided by home-schooling.

Due to high tuition fees, most ordinary families cannot afford to send their children to boarding schools.

Economies are becoming increasingly knowledge-based.

Education can bring personal improvement in ways other than scholastic achievement.

Education gives people knowledge and skills. People with qualifications are more likely to find work. They can earn a higher salary. They can contribute positively to society.

Education is a lifelong process, the importance of which can be hardly exaggerated. As things stand now, there is always room for improvement. A well-balanced education will be most conducive to individual and social progress.

Education is the best medicine.

Educating the children is a headache for many young parents.

Education is the first thing we can do to reduce crime as many criminal offences were committed by the poorly educated who didn't realize that they were breaking the law.

Education is the key to improving the economy of these countries. People in developing countries need knowledge and skills.

Education may hold the key to one's job prospects.

Equal access to education can help tackle educational underachievement.

Even the best possible graduate needs to continue learning before she or he becomes an educated person.

Free from the burden of co-existing harmoniously with the opposite sex, boys and girls often turn their attention to scholarly pursuits.

Free university education makes it possible for students from less well-off backgrounds to have equal access to tertiary education.

From a psychological aspect, the majority of children seem to tend to have an unfavorable attitude toward additional educational activities.

From kindergarten to college, students are always grouped together. Indeed, they spend so much time in groups that they long for some private moments. Some students prefer to study in a group, while others would like to study by themselves. It rather depends on the individual.

From what has been discussed above, we may safely draw the conclusion that, although extra studies indeed enjoy many obvious advantages, its disadvantages shouldn't be ignored and far outweigh its advantages. It is absurd to force children to take extra studies after school.

Governments of developed and developing countries must work together. Developed countries could help developing nations by providing money. They could invest in schools and technology. They could supply the funds to build schools and pay for teachers.

Governments should make education compulsory for all children. They should encourage parents to send their children to school.

Group learning can benefit those who are gregarious in nature.

Grouping by ability may have a negative impact on students. Children do not want to be seen as less intelligent than others.

Grouping together students with similar proficiency has its unique appeal. It will be easier to meet the needs of all students since they are similarly inclined.

I am strongly against having extra classes. Indeed I would like students to have fewer classes. Interest is the best teacher. Hardly can interest be fostered by taking extra classes.

If students are not allowed to evaluate or criticize the teacher, it is hard for the teacher to find out what the students think or what they need.

In fact, even for those mothers without career ambition, kindergartens would still be a good choice because most of them are staffed by professional nurses and instructors whose expertise is unmatched by most mothers.

In the first place, extra studies bring about unhealthy impacts on the physical growth of children. Educational experts point out that, it is equally important to take some sports activities instead of extra studies when children have spent the whole day in a boring classroom.

In their efforts to battle against the dark side that examination-oriented education has brought along with it, educators come up with another approach to the problem, namely quality-oriented education.

It is actually hard to decide when a person can be seen as entirely independent. The age may be different for each individual.

It is commonly accepted that no college or university can educate its students by the time they graduate.

It is conceivable that knowledge plays an important role in our life.

It is difficult for students to improve practical skills if schools do not provide work placements.

It is safe to send one's kids to place where they won't be seduced, molested or even assaulted by the other sex.

It is hard to imagine a student focusing their energy on a textbook while other children are playing.

It is indeed never too old to learn.

It is indisputable that boarding schools are exerting a growing important effect, especially in the last few years.

It is not easy to get along with one's parents or kids. It is unwise to be overprotective or overindulgent. As with most things, moderation seems the best policy. Any high-handed approach is likely to breed another generation of tyrannical parents.

It is not the goal of education to provide job training to students. Education aims to improve one's all-round abilities.

It might be argued that it is dangerous to put too much pressure on children. But actually, educational activities are not necessarily associated with pressure or stress.

It might be gathered from the above that each type of school has its strengths and weaknesses. Co-ed school seems a natural choice for many, while single-sex schools may be more suited for some. It rather depends on the individual.

It must be noted that learning must be done by a person himself.

Kindergarten is a good preparation for school.

Kindergartens would be a good choice because most of them are staffed by professional nurses and instructors whose expertise is unmatched by most mothers.

Lagging behind your peers is the most devastating result. 

Learners need a structured course. An experienced teacher knows what materials to choose.

Learning is a life-long process that is not limited to school education.

Learning the times table by rote is not the best way to improve numeracy.

Lifelong education is not an unavoidable chore but a pleasure. Without constant learning, one may easily fall behind the times.

Living alone in an unfamiliar culture can cause homesickness.

Living and studying abroad can be difficult. Students have to find accommodation and pay bills.

Many children are exposed to violent content every day.

Many factories have moved to developing countries.

Many parents believe that additional educational activities enjoy obvious advantages. Through extra studies, they maintain, their children are able to obtain many kinds of practical skills and useful knowledge, which will put them in a beneficial position in the future job markets when they grow up.

Many students want to attend a prestigious university. Foreign institutions may offer better courses. The best universities employ teachers who are experts in their fields.

Many surveys show that people in increasing numbers are beginning to recognize that boarding school provides better environment and facilities for children.

Many young people have chosen to study in English-speaking countries, where they can study at some world-famous universities.

Millions of people have to spend more time and energy studying new skills and technology so that they can keep a favorable position in the job market.

Mixed ability classes encourage everyone to achieve their potential.

Most parents do not have the time to educate their children at home. One parent would need to give up work. Most parents do not have the necessary knowledge or resources.

Most jobs require specific knowledge and skills. Skilled workers are needed for sectors such as information technology and engineering.

No one can deny the fact that a person's education is the most important aspect of his life.

Nothing is more important than to receive education.

Now people in growing numbers are beginning to believe that learning new skills and knowledge contributes directly to enhancing their job opportunities or promotion opportunities.

Nowadays, many students always go into raptures at the mere mention of the coming life of high school or college they will begin. Unfortunately, for most young people, it is not a pleasant experience on their first day on campus.

On no account can we ignore the value of knowledge.

Other parents are too lenient and spoil their children. Some children are used to getting whatever they want. Schools can do very little if they are not supported by parents.

Overseas students are exposed to different cultures and customs. They will learn a foreign language. They are responsible for cooking, cleaning and paying bills. They become more independent.

Parents and teachers should make an effort to limit children's screen time.

Parents are firmly convinced that, sending their child to kindergartens or nursery schools will have an unfavorable influence on the growth of children.

Parents can respond to what their children need and how they learn best. One-to-one lessons allow much faster progress. The child can work at his or her own pace.

Parents should place considerable emphasis on their children to keep the balance between play and study. As an old saying goes: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

Peer pressure is by no means the smallest reason for students' behavior problems.

People rely too much on computers. Technology is no substitute for a real teacher.

People seem to fail to take into account the fact that education does not end with graduation.

Practical training is more important in some industries. In the UK, for example, there is currently a shortage of plumbers. Their services are therefore becoming more and more expensive.

Private tutors are expensive.

Qualifications gained abroad can open the door to better job opportunities. Living abroad can broaden students' horizons.

Repetitive manual jobs are now done by machines.

Schools aim to teach young people moral values such as tolerance and sharing

School authorities should provide far more services to help freshmen get used to the new life as soon as possible.

Schools need a clear code of conduct. Schools need a clear set of rules about behavior. Schools need to create a positive study atmosphere.

Schools need to work closely with parents. Parents must support the school rules.

Schools offer a wide variety of opportunities for students to learn, explore and discover their strengths and interests.

Schools provide opportunities for social engagement and personal development.

School subjects are normally taught by up to ten different teachers. Schools offer a better overall educational experience.

Science and technology is advancing at breathtaking speed.

Since it is unnecessary to consider students' routine life, day school can lay stress on teaching instead of other aspects, such as management of dormitory and cafeteria.

Single-sex school bars the possibility of the much-dreaded puppy love among students.

Single-sex schools have their unique appeals as well. 

Some children are likely to have behavioral problems.

Some families live in isolated areas with poor transport. Other parents are not satisfied with local schools. Some parents decide to educate their children at home.

Some teachers and parents support streaming for these reasons.

Some schools separate students according to their academic ability.

Sooner or later, children need to make decisions on their own.

Streaming could damage students' self-esteem. They may lose motivation.

Students also learn skills that are useful for their future jobs. For example, they learn to write reports using a word processor.

Students attending a boarding school would cultivate their independence as apart from their parents.

Students can do research using online resources.

Students can study at their own pace. Adults can take distance learning courses. Students can study whenever and wherever they want.

Students from wealthier families tend to be better prepared. Children from poorer families may receive less support from parents.

Students have problems with paperwork such as visa applications.

Students often don't get much out of those classes.

Studying alone, one will not be distracted by others.

Studying in a foreign language si challenging. The language barrier can be a problem.

Teachers can work at the right speed for their students. Teachers can plan more suitable lessons. High-level groups may progress faster. Lower-level groups can benefit from a slower pace.

Teachers should be permitted to use force to remove disruptive children from the classroom.

Teachers will benefit a lot when their minds are open to the ideas and honest opinions of the youngsters.

Technology is a powerful tool to engage students. Technology can make lessons much more interesting.

The achievements of celebrities can motivate young people to study hard and show perseverance.

The class certainly becomes more diversified when students with dissimilar talents are put together.

The contribution of day schools can't be ignored.

The family environment is widely thought/believed to be the most important influence on children's development.

The main function of schools is to impart knowledge to the next generation.

The tuition fee has been rising.

The quality of teaching can make a huge difference to students' academic performance.

The use of fossil fuels can cause damage to the environment.

There are many benefits to going to university. A degree can open the door to better employment prospects.

There are no schools in many areas. Literacy rates are often low. Children often have to work from an early age. Families do not have access to books or computers.

There are strong signs that books are going to remain with us for a long time.

There are too many children in some classes. Large classes are difficult to manage.

There is a general debate on the campus today over the phenomenon of college or high school students doing part-time jobs.

There is a growing tendency for parent these days to stay at home to look after their children instead of returning to work earlier.

There is a growing tendency for parents to ask their children to accept extra educational programs over the recent years.

There is every possibility that books will remain and improve as time goes by.

There is no clear link between grouping students by ability and their levels of attainment.

There is no doubt that our educational system leaves something to be desired.

Therefore, instead of losing its value, education will become all the more essential in a world where we are in danger of being overwhelmed by conflicts and competition among ourselves.

This issue is becoming a matter of concern for more and more people, especially parents and experts in education.

Though emotionally demanding, it would be wise for mothers to send their kids to kindergartens where the children are in professional hands. Kindergartens can be viewed as an extension of and preparation for primary schools.

Though imperfect, distance learning has greatly benefited many people. But it is still a complement to normal education, at least for now.

To promote social progress, schools need to provide moral and ethical education.

To really master a subject one needs to devote his whole life to it.

Today an increasing number of people have realized that law education is of great importance. In order to keep law and order, every one of us is supposed to get a law education.

Too much control is certainly detrimental to children's future development.

Using multimedia tools can improve students' concentration and keep them interested.

What's more, living in school can save them a great deal of time on the way between home and school every day, so they would be able to concentrate more time and energy on their academic work.

When it comes to education, the majority of people believe that education is a lifetime study.

While there are numerous other ways to educate a child, punishment is sometimes necessary.

Without the deterrent of punishment, the incentive may have little effect because the benefits that kids gain from behaving wrongly can be much more tempting than the rewards offered by their parents.

Young learners do not become proficient in some basic skills. They use word processors with spell-checker. People should be able to write a letter by hand.

Young people without tertiary education qualifications normally end up working in low-skilled jobs.

Energy.

Drilling and fracking in untouched places can lead to the destruction of natural habitats and disrupt local ecosystems.

Exploiting natural resources in remote or untouched areas can lead to habitat degradation and biodiversity loss, both of which can have significant impacts on local ecosystems.

Exploring new sources of oil and gas in regions, which have not been explored before, provides a new source of energy that can meet the increasing demands of modern society. Additionally, it can create employment opportunities for local communities residing in these areas, thereby boosting their economic growth. Moreover, it can pave the way for other industries that can make use of the energy reserves in these regions. 

Exploring remote and untouched areas can bring about many advantages.

The environmental risk posed by drilling and extracting oil and gas.

The exploitation of untapped reserves can be seen as beneficial for the global economy.

The extraction and transportation of these resources can result in environmental pollution and harmful greenhouse gas emissions, contributing to climate change.

The potential risk of accidents and spills associated with exploiting natural resources in remote and untouched areas.

The pursuit of oil and gas in remote regions often leads to political instability and conflict.

The risk of oil spills poses a significant threat to the ecosystem and local communities.

Entertainment.

Playing games on mobile phones leads to isolation in the society.

Playing games over mobile phones has been a crucial issue for parents.

Playing quiz games over phones brings creativity and a vast knowledge of new vocabulary words.

Video games can be both entertaining and educational.

Environment & Pollution & Global Warming

Advertisers encourage us to buy the newest fashions.

Afforestation can help to improve air quality, which can reduce the risk of suffering health problems such as respiratory diseases.

Air freight is likely to create enormous greenhouse gases.

At a time when technology means ever more harmful carbon in the air we breathe, we need these forests now more than ever.

Companies should make goods that last longer.

Environmental experts point out that increasing pollution not only causes serious problems such as global warming but also could threaten to end human life on our planet.

Environmental protection won't stand in the way of our pursuit of a really better life.

Factories and vehicles produce emissions and exhaust fumes. Cheap air travel is allowing more people to fly. Human activity is a major factor in the rise of the greenhouse gases.

Gases such as carbon dioxide trap heat from the sun which causes global temperatures to rise. This process is known as the greenhouse effect.

Global warming will have a significant impact on our planet.

Governments could certainly make more effort to reduce air pollution. 

Governments could introduce laws to limit emissions from factories. They should invest in renewable energy from solar, wind or water power. They could impose "green taxes" on drivers and airline companies. Government campaigns should promote recycling.

Governments should be stricter about waster produced by companies.

Individuals should also take responsibility for the impact they have on the environment. 

Individuals should also try to be greener. We should take fewer flights abroad for holidays. We should take public transport rather than driving. We should choose products with less packaging. We should recycle as much as possible.

Insufficient funding is another challenge that undermines effective environmental solutions.

Intensive farming can pose a threat to biodiversity.

It is true that many people today have chosen to go green and cut down on the use of energy.

It is universally acknowledged that trees are indispensable to us.

Many developing countries are becoming industrialized.

Most environmental degradation is attributed to human activities.

Most of the litter seen on streets is fast food packaging. This plastic packaging does not break down easily.

Natural areas and wild animals should be protected.

Noise pollution has imposed a serious threat on people's health and life these days, thus controlling noise-makers in a strict way is for everyone's well-being.

Our environment still be in a dire state.

Packaging is an important part of selling. Most foods are sold in non-biodegradable plastic packaging.

People do not think about the consequences of dropping rubbish. They assume that somebody is paid to clean the streets.

People should be educated to increase their environmental awareness. Incentives should be given by the government to encourage citizens to reduce the use of disposable items and recycle as much as possible.

Pollution poses a great threat to our existence.

Rapid population growth in urban areas is also responsible for the increase in garbage. 

Rising temperatures will cause melting of the polar ice caps and sea levels will rise. We can expect more extreme weather conditions. Flooding and droughts may become more common.

Small lifestyle changes can make a huge difference and reduce the environmental impact of our daily activities.

Similarly, customers also have a role to play, by showing greater interest towards items in simple packing.

Since many people today equate with superior packaging, companies would not often take the risk of reducing it for fear of losing their market share.

Some animals have died out because of illegal hunting.

Sometimes, it is difficult to evaluate the environmental cost of human activities.

The amount of household waste is growing. This waste ends up in landfill sites.

the amount of packaging also indicates the need to ensure the durability, safety, and freshness of products.

The amount of waste we produce has increased. This problem is a result of our consumer culture. Products are not made to last. If something breaks, we throw it away and buy a new one.

The emissions from vehicles and planes can cause air pollution.

The greater the population there is in a locality, the greater the need there is for water, transportation, and disposal of refuse.

The increasing world population is putting pressure on natural resources. Fossil fuels like oil and gas are running out.

The invention of electric vehicles is part of our effort to sustain the environment.

The lack of awareness and individual responsibility is one reason why environmental solutions are ineffective.

The problem is compounded by the poor efforts we made at recycling. 

The rapid population expansion is the main reason for the huge accumulation of waste.

The reason why environmental solutions remain ineffective is the disconnection between science and policy.

The reason why we have to grow trees is that they can supply fresh air for us.

The throw-away society, as some call it, is mainly the result of technological development and our change of attitude. 

The time spent in a kindergarten also makes educational sense.

There are collection banks for glass, paper and plastic bottles.

There is every sign that the environment must be sacrificed to some extent for the sake of the world economy.

There is no denying the fact that air pollution is an extremely serious problem: the city authorities should take strong measures to deal with it.

They should not use so much packaging. Governments should put legal limits on packaging. Consumers should avoid buying over-packaged products.

To begin with, it is urgent to create nature reserves. Secondly, certain rare wild animals that are going to be extinct should be collected, fed, and reproduced artificially. Finally, those who hunt them must be punished severely.

Two of the biggest threats to the environment are air pollution and waste.

We are destroying wildlife habitats. We have cut down enormous areas of rainforest. This has led to the extinction of many species of animals and plants.

We are paying through the nose in terms of environmental damage for the conveniences we enjoy nowadays.

We need to curb the frantic pace of development in order to protect the environment and ironically to improve the quality of life.

We should recycle and reuse useful materials. Households can use several rubbish bins to separate waste. Recycling saves energy and raw materials.

We should spare no effort to beautify our environment.

We will find it difficult to preserve biodiversity in the coming decades.

Equality.

Equal job opportunity for both sexes is not so much desirable as unavoidable.

Equal rights advocates are hailing the fact that more jobs are opening to both men and women.

Equality is a main factor in measuring a nation's success.

In my opinion, an egalitarian society is one in which everyone has the same rights and the same opportunities.

I believe that all children should have access to free schooling, and higher education should be either free or affordable for all those who choose to pursue a university degree.

I would argue that equal rights and opportunities are not in conflict with people's freedom to succeed or fail.

Failure.

People differ in their attitudes towards failure. Faced with it, some of them can stand up to it, draw useful lessons from it, and try hard to fulfill what they are determined to do. Others, however, lose heart and give in.

Family.

A woman's job was to stay at home taking care of her family. Families tend to be smaller these days, and women often have full-time jobs. Nowadays, fewer elderly people are looked after by their relatives.

Busy parents have less contact with their children. Many families no longer eat meals together. Children spend more time with friends or surfing the Internet.

Care homes provide a professional service for senior citizens. Nurses are better trained than family members.

Caring for elderly people was traditionally the responsibility of families. Adults had to look after their elderly parents.

Children may be left alone, or with nannies or babysitters.

Families in many countries are not as large as they used to be. We tend to live in small nuclear families rather than large extended families.

Friends, television and the Internet become the main influence on children's behavior.

Governments should invest money in facilities and training for care workers.

It costs so much to bring children up. It is more difficult to raise a large family.

Many parents have no idea how their children spend their time. Parents should be more involved with their children's upbringing.

Nowadays both parents often work. Parents tend to have fewer children.

Parents spend less time with their children. Children and their parents seem to be less close nowadays.

Some families are unable to look after elderly relatives.

Teenagers are influenced by peer pressure. Some of them join gangs. Juvenile delinquency is on the increase.

The best form of care for the elderly depends on the family situation. It depends on whether family members have the time and resources.

The lack of closeness in families can have a negative effect on children.

We all have a responsibility towards the older people in our society.

With age, people find it difficult to maintain contact with family and friends.

Women traditionally stayed at home to cook, clean and look after children. Nowadays both parents often work full time.

Young people need positive role models.

Fashion.

Global advertisement has made the world as a global village and various fashion companies establish their branches in entire world to sale innovative fashion things in every supermarket of the world.

In more cases, it is the positive traits of a product that motivate consumers to buy.

It is undeniable that some people choose to buy clothes with high popularity in order to follow a trend, and by following others, they can get a sense of belonging, connection, and identity.

Many people consider it necessary to follow fashion.

Many people seem to overlook the basic fact: the major function of clothing is to keep us warm and comfortable.

Many young people always go into raptures at the mere mention of buying fashionable clothes. 

The pursuit of beauty should be carried out in our minds but not over our faces or bodies. What really counts is not what meets the eye. 

There is a general discussion over fashion in recent years. One of the questions under debate is whether a person should choose comfortable clothes, which he or she likes, regardless of fashion.

We all are living in a glamorous where various fashion industries develop new fashion all across the world further, people use them and try to imitate.

Freedom.

Freedom of speech is a basic right for all citizens, more so for artists.

Future.

A much better and brighter future awaits us.

Any attempts to predict the future will be futile. But one thing is certain, that is, the future is in our hands.

Job And Part-Time Job.

A proper part-time job does not occupy students too much time. In fact, it is unhealthy for them to spend all of their time on their study. As an old saying goes: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

According to a recent survey, a growing number of people express a strong desire to take another job or spend more time on their job in order to get more money to support their family.

By sending kids to nursery schools, mothers have the chance to continue their full-time jobs.

By taking a major-related part-job, students can not only improve their academic studies but gain much experience, experience they will never be able to get from textbooks.

Career prospect is on most people's mind when choosing a major, but this can hardly justify the overemphasis on certain disciplines. 

Consequently, the extra money obtained from a part-time job will strongly support students to continue their study life.

Employees find that their jobs or workplaces are far from what they have expected.

Employers no longer think that the number of employers an individual has worked for provides the best measure of loyalty.

For most people, sacrifices have to be made in order to do jobs.

From what has been discussed above, we may safely draw a conclusion that a part-time job can produce a far-reaching impact on students and they should be encouraged to take part-time jobs, which will benefit students and their families, even society as a whole.

Life is very long; there is no point sticking to one job unless you really enjoy it. 

Many fathers and mothers share their parenting and domestic responsibilities. They contribute equally to childcare, cooking and cleaning.

Many girls are not willing to seek employment in a male-dominated world.

Many people are actually after the concept of "Time is Money" and earning most of it in extra paid jobs.

Profession skill is not the only thing valued by employers.

Some people argue that a mother should not work. She should stay at home and bring up her children, and the father should be the breadwinner of the family. Others believe that both parents should share these responsibilities.

Some women many have better career prospects than their husbands. Paternity leave and "house husbands" are becoming more common.

Sooner or later, we have to fend for ourselves. So why wait until the last minute? Working on a part-time basis prepares us to step out of the Ivory Tower and into the real world.

The fact is that some jobs have been made redundant because of mechanization.

The first job they find may be boring but an indispensable stepping stone toward worthier employment. 

The majority of students believe that part-time jobs will provide them with more opportunities to develop their interpersonal skills, which may put them in a favorable position in future job markets.

There are many job applicants competing for limited positions.

There seem to be too many people without jobs and not enough job positions.

They were often employed as secretaries or receptionists. Nowadays, a range of occupations are available to both sexes. They should be employed according to their abilities, qualifications and experience.

Thus, translators and interpreters are in no danger of losing their jobs in the foreseeable future.

To average people, they often tend to live under the illusion that English often means a good opportunity for one's career, is this really the case?

Try until you get the job where your interest lies.

Undergraduates feel under increasing pressure to study hard, because of the soaring unemployment rate.

Unemployment in rural areas can be addressed partially by the rural-to-urban shift.

Working women can take maternity leave during and after pregnancy. Many mothers continue to work after this period.

Gender.

A mixed-sex environment is more representative of real life. Coeducational schools provide children with better social skills for adult life.

Boys and girls may learn in different ways and have different needs. Student at single-sex schools often get better exam grades.

Discipline problems might be avoided by separating boys and girls.

Free from the burden of co-existing harmoniously with the opposite sex, boys and girls often turn their attention to scholarly pursuits.

It is unhealthy in terms of children's social development.

Males and females should be accepted onto courses according to their abilities. Gender should be irrelevant in education.

Men and women should have access to the same educational opportunities. It is wrong to discriminate against students because of their gender.

Men and women should have access to the same professional opportunities. They should be able to pursue a career. They should earn equal salaries.

Separating boys and girls is unnecessary. Many coeducational schools are extremely successful.

Some people believe that male and female students should go to separate schools. This is often for religious or cultural reasons.

Student's achievements should depend on hard work and individual merit. In the UK (or your country), there are similar numbers of male and female students in higher education.

Though equal, men and women have different roles in society.

Traditional gender roles are gradually changing. Families can divide roles and responsibilities in the most convenient way.

Traditionally, women have been restricted to certain roles.

Globalization.

A global economy means free trade between countries. Goods are produced in one country and sold in many others. This can strengthen political relationships.

Business is becoming increasingly international. Multi-national companies do business across the world. Companies like MacDonald's can be seen on high streets in most cities.

Companies sometimes exploit their employees in developing countries.

Cultural globalization has brought about increased cultural awareness, leading to the preservation and revival of various cultures. 

Cultural globalization poses a risk to the loss of cultural identity, as people become more accustomed to foreign cultures, leading to the forgetting of one's own culture.

Developing countries face a range of problems, such as standards of healthcare and education are low. Life expectancy is usually lower than in developed countries.

Employees cannot be confident that they have stable jobs.

Global trade creates more waste and pollution.

Globalization can also create opportunities for employment.

Globalization could create new business opportunities and markets. As countries share their products, skills, and knowledge, they create a vital economic interdependence.

Globalization has also given many people the opportunity to share and showcase their cultural heritage.

Globalization is not always beneficial to everyone. Company can move to countries where labour is cheap, which creates redundancies, or job losses.

Globalization may also help developed countries. Multi-national companies are creating jobs in developing countries.

Governments and charities can help by building new houses and schools.

Governments should impose laws to protect the environment.

Immigration is the factor of utmost importance, which has led to the global surge in economic development.

It encourages investment in less developed countries. It could reduce poverty in the developing world.

It is true that globalization can have negative effects on cultural identity.

Multiculturalism can encourage the exchange of cultural practices and facilitate communication between nations.

Not every country has enough natural and capital resources for effective development. That's why, trade with each other is an essential part of their everyday operations.

On the other hand, many people emigrate to find work in richer countries. They often send money back home to their families, which helps to improve the standard of living in developing countries.

The best form of help for developing countries is development aid. Richer nations can help by investing in long-term projects.

The positive outcomes of cross-cultural activities and international trade are immense.

There is a lack of infrastructure, employment and good-quality housing. Many people are forced to live in poverty. Food, drinking water and basic medicines are in short supply.

There should be global regulations for salaries and working conditions.

Happiness.

Although it seems almost impossible to give a precise definition of happiness, most people would agree that there are some basic preconditions to achieving it. 

Competition is the first reason why people in developed countries are no happy that they were.

Happiness is difficult to define because it means something different to each individual person.

Happiness means different things to different people. It can be described as a feeling of pleasure or enjoyment. People enjoy spending time with family and friends. Hobbies, sports and games can be a source of fun and enjoyment.

In order to be truly happy it is necessary to live a good life, we need to feel that we are doing something useful with our lives. Some people get a sense of achievement from their work, and others find happiness in bringing up their children.

Peace of mind is essential to achieving happiness.

People in developed countries already have wealth to enjoy a better standard of living so increased wealth will not add any happiness in their day-to-day life on the other hand

Some people see money as a source of happiness, but other people define happiness as something deeper.

Health.

A nursing home can provide professional care for those having trouble looking after themselves.

A strong argument in favor of nursing home it the sense of community created there.

According to a recent survey, four million people die each year from diseases linked to smoking.

Advanced age doesn't necessarily mean senility. With more years after the usual span of life, the elderly can embark on whatever their heart desires. They have a lifetime of skills and experiences behind them and can use them to their advantage.

Advancements in medicine and healthcare have led to a longer life expectancy, reduced malnutrition and healthier lifestyles.

An advantage of using solar energy is that it won't create any pollution.

An unhealthy lifestyle may put people at risk of illness.

Being a doctor should not be merely a job but a sacred calling. 

By doing exercise, we can always stay healthy.

Fast foods are cheap to buy and very easy to prepare. These foods oftetn contain too much fat, salt and sugar. Many people nowadays rely on fast food or pre-prepared meals. Many young people have grown up on a diet of convenience foods.

Hospitals rely on the government for money and resources.

If money becomes the main objective of doctors or hospitals, dire consequences will ensue.

In light of the growing number of senior citizens in many countries, caring for elderly people is becoming harder to tackle.

It is generally believed that the chief reason for the increase in population in developed countries is not so much the rise in birth rates as the decline in death rates as a result of the improvement in medical care.

It is the reason why many clerical workers today suffer health problems.

It is true that elderly people are physically weaker and more vulnerable to diseases. But what counts is not the body but the mind.

More and more people, including young children, are seriously overweight. This situation will increase the burden on hospitals and taxpayers.

Overwork does harm to health.

Parents also play a critical role in preventing childhood obesity.

Parents are ultimately responsible for their children's health.

Patient's well-being always should be the paramount consideration for doctors.

People's unhealthy lifestyle is the result of their tendency to rely heavily on technology.

Populations in developed countries are increasingly overweight. Obesity, diabetes and heart disease are on the increase.

Regular exercise can increase one's self-confidence.

Sleepless nights will not only make people feeble but also less healthy.

Society plays a crucial role in promoting healthy habits.

Some opponents argue that drug companies are the most appropriate candidates who should stand on the stage to aid poor people.

Some people are strong advocates of delivering maximum profit to their investor is the main responsibility of drug companies.

Standards and services will be sacrificed for higher profits.

Taking exercise is closely related to health.

Taxing heavily on foods that are hazardous to human health, will often discourage people from eating them.

The answer to the prevalence of unhealthy lifestyles lies beyond the scope of the influence of any individual citizen, andy non-government organization or any sector to address on its own.

The government can implement policies and regulations that encourage healthy habits.

The government could promote physical activity by investing in parks, playgrounds, and community centers

The government of a country can play a stewardship role in public health, providing leadership and drawing in players from across many sectors.

The health effect of GE food remains unclear/yet to be known.

The human body requires a balanced diet. An unhealthy diet can cause various health problems.

There is ample evidence to suggest that it is the responsibility of the government to provide healthy food cheaper to the population.

To begin with, staying at a nursing home makes good financial sense.

Too often people are unaware of the unhealthy habits they have acquired because they hardly stop to observe their own lifestyles.

We cannot emphasize the importance of protecting our eyes too much.

We know that unhealthy lifestyles may result from a lack of self-discipline.

You will find that staying at a nursing home makes good financial sense if you take into consideration the daily expenses incurred when one lives all by oneself.

Healthcare.

Many people prefer to pay more for personal health service.

State healthcare is paid by the government using money from taxes. Good healthcare should be available to everyone for free. The National Health Service in the UK provides free healthcare for every resident.

State hospitals are often very large and difficult to run.

Patients have their own rooms and more comfortable facilities.

Private healthcare is unfair because only wealthy people can afford it. Everyone has access to the same quality of care and treatment.

Private hospitals have shorter waiting lists for operations and appointments; patients can benefit from faster treatment.

Help.

I accept that it is important to help our neighbors and fellow citizens.

I believe that we have an obligation to help those who live beyond our national borders.

A small donation to an international charity might have a much greater impact than helping in our local area.

History.

Learning about world history encourages tolerance and appreciation for different cultures and civilizations. 

Studying world history allows students to see the bigger picture of human development and progress.

The study of local history provides unique insights into the development of one's community and identity.

Hobby.

A hobby is also an antidote to stress.

Hobbies are beneficial because they are a genuine source of fun and pleasure.

Hobbies enable us to associate more with others who have similar hobbies.

In my opinion, anyone can take interesting pictures without knowing too much about the technicalities of operating a camera.

I believe that many hobbies give us more pleasure when we reach a higher level of performance because the results are better and the feeling of achievement is greater.

Holiday.

More and more people choose to avoid the holiday season to go traveling because tourist sites are invariably overcrowded during public holidays.

The idea of people in different professions having holidays at different times is often out of necessity.

The ideal way would be for the employees to decide the time and duration of the holidays, provided that it doesn't interfere with the running of the business. People themselves know when they would most enjoy a vacation. It is ultimately a personal matter and should be left to our own discretion if possible.

This kind of liberal attitude toward holidays can reduce the strain on public facilities during the holiday season.

Immigrant.

Although rural emigrants contribute greatly to the economic growth of the cities, they may inevitably bring about many negative impacts.

An increasing number of experts believe that migrants will exert positive effects on the construction of a city. However, this opinion is now being questioned by more and more city residents, who complain that the migrants have brought many serious problems like crime and prostitution.

Companies might pay lower salaries to immigrant workers. Some immigrant workers work longer hours for less money.

Free healthcare and schooling are available in some developed countries.

From an economic perspective, immigration can be extremely positive. Many immigrants have skills that are needed in the country they move to. Immigrants who find work contribute to the economy of their new country.

Governments should stop companies from exploiting immigrant workers. Foreign and local workers should have the right to equal pay and conditions.

In many countries, immigrants need visas or work permits.

Immigration can help the economy of a country, and it can create multi-cultural societies. However, immigration needs to be controlled.

Immigrants are sometimes recognized as a threat to social cohesion.

Many immigrants come from less developed countries.

Many immigrants send money home to help family members.

Many sociologists point out that rural emigrants are putting pressure on population control and social order; that they are threatening to take already scarce city jobs; and that they have worsened traffic and public health problems.

Other people migrate to a foreign country to improve their academic qualifications.

People of many different nationalities learn to live together. It also creates cultural diversity. This can help people to become more open-minded and tolerant.

Richer and industrialized countries may offer opportunities for employment.

Some people move to another country in search of a better life.

The influx of immigrant workers is the biggest reason behind city expansion.

Unemployment rates could rise if there are too many immigrants. Some people believe that immigrants take jobs that should go to local people.

Internet.

Another drawback is the lack of face-to-face interaction.

Criminals increasingly use the Internet to steal people's money.

Getting news from the internet can create information bubbles, where people only read news that supports their opinions, leading to confirmation bias.

It has revolutionized communication. We can keep in touch by email or instant messenger services. Video messaging is becoming common for business meetings.

No invention has received more praise and abuse than the Internet.

Online shopping has become a normal part of people's everyday life.

Parents find it difficult to control what their children see online. They do not always know who their children are chatting to.

Shops and other services are now available online. People can buy goods and services from the comfort of their homes.

The advent of the Internet opens up the possibility of communicating and interacting via the computer.

The Internet has democratized news access.

The Internet is starting to replace other forms of entertainment.

There are many advantages to using the Internet. It gives us instant access to information on almost any subject.

With so many websites it is difficult to search for good information. Many websites contain offensive content. Some sites show violent or sexual images.

Language.

As an alternative to English, a new global language could be invented. It would have no nationality or culture attached to it. This could help to promote international peace and understanding. Esperanto is an example of a language that was invented with this aim.

As that of dinosaurs, the extinction of certain languages is just as lamentable. As a language dies out, the door to a unique history, culture and beauty is closed. The world becomes much duller as a result.

English is widely used around the world. It is becoming a global second language. It is the dominant language of technology, science and international business. The ability to speak English is a necessary skill in the modern world.

Even if machine translation were able to eradicate all the language barriers between people, would there be no point in learning foreign languages? By no means.

If one language is dominant, other languages may disappear.

International business meetings are regularly held in English. The most important textbooks and journals are published in English.

It will be good news for school children when they are told that foreign language is no longer a required subject because translation can all be done by machines. 

Languages are not only tools for communication but also a reflection of the people who speak them.

Long before children are able to speak or understand a language, they communicate through facial expressions and by making noises.

Mastery of a second language is essential for personal growth since it opens the door to understanding different cultures and new perspectives.

The beauty of a language is what fascinates the students.

The dominant language brings its own culture. American culture has become popular around the world, and other cultures may be damaged.

The loss is regrettable because languages are closely linked to people's ways of thinking. 

Library.

Libraries offer access to materials that are not available online.

Libraries serve as a centre for academic community building.

LifeStyle.

All these reasons are making human being less patience and more arrogant, and dragging them towards inhumanity.

For people who want to adopt a healthy and meaningful lifestyle, it is important to find time to learn certain new knowledge. Just as an old saying goes: it is never too late to learn.

For the majority of people, reading or learning a new skill has become the focus of their lives and the source of their happiness and contentment after their retirement.

For those seeking a quiet life, the countryside is the best place. But for most people, the outlook is not so rosy. As it often turns out, a sojourn in the countryside from time to time allows you to get the best of both worlds.

From what has been discussed above, I am fully convinced that the leisure lifestyle is undergoing a decline with the progress of modern society, but it is not necessarily a bad thing.

The quality of life is as important as life itself.

In this fast-paced world, every individual seems to be running to keep up with their goals.

Isolation and loneliness are often associated with a rustic life.

Those living outside cities must be content with fewer career opportunities.

Though possessing a superior natural environment, the countryside is often notorious for its lack of amenities, facilities, and public service.

You can broaden your interests and enrich your life by accessing whatever and whoever you are interested in.

In other words, an aging population will mean a greater tax burden for working adults. Further pressures will include a rise in the demand for healthcare, and the fact young adults will increasingly have to look after their elderly relatives.

Nowadays, people of this age tend to be healthy enough to continue a productive working life.

A second measure would be for governments to encourage immigration in order to increase the number of working adults who pay taxes.

Finally, money from national budgets will need to be taken from other areas and spent on vital healthcare, accommodation and transport facilities for the rising numbers of older citizens.

Line Graph.

The average global oil price was close to \$25 per barrel, and the food price index stood at just under 90 points.

The average oil price had more than doubled, to nearly \$60 per barrel, and food prices had risen by around 50 points.

A dramatic increase in both commodity prices was seen from 2007 to 2008, with oil prices reaching a peak of approximately \$130 per barrel and the food price index rising to 220 points.

However, by the beginning of 2009 the price of oil had dropped by roughly \$90, and the food price index was down by about 80 points.

The average oil price rose once again, to nearly \$100 per barrel, while the food price index reached its peak, at almost 240 points.

The proportions of elderly people in the USA and Sweden rose gradually over the next 50 years, reaching just under 15% in 1990. By contrast, the figures for Japan remained below 5% until the early 2000s.

A sudden increase in the percentage of elderly people is predicted for Japan, with a jump of over 15% in just 10 years from 2030 to 2040.

The figures for Sweden and the USA will be slightly lower, at about 25% and 23% respectively.

Over the following 5 years, the waste output of companies B and C rose by around 2 tonnes, but the figure for company A fell by approximately 1 tonne.

From 2005 to 2015, company A cut waste production by roughly 3 tonnes, and company B reduced its waste by around 7 tonnes.

By contrast, company C saw an increase in waste production of approximately 4 tonnes over the same 10-year period.

By 2015, company C's waste output had risen to 10 tonnes, while the respective amounts of waste from companies A and B had dropped to 8 tonnes and only 3 tonnes.

Marriage.

An early marriage is usually based on genuine love.

I won't even suggest that you weigh the benefits against the drawbacks because a marriage is not a financial deal where sensibility reigns.

Meanwhile, a late marriage is also rewarding. By allowing oneself more time to choose one's ideal partner, one is more likely to find the right person, thus reducing the likelihood of divorce.

More often than not, when and where you get married depends on things beyond your control. Most people are seeking the right person and the right time. But when it comes, don't hesitate.

There is no guarantee that a marriage will work, whether it is one with a foreigner or not.

Media.

Another benefit of social media is the ability to keep up with current events.

But for the vast majority, the famous or the common, privacy should not be intruded upon.

In a country where freedom of speech and reporting is guaranteed, the mass media plays a major role in promoting good causes and exposing wrongdoings of all sorts.

In today's world, social media has become an indispensable part of our lives.

One of the biggest drawbacks is the potential for cyberbullying and harassment.

One of the greatest benefits of social media is that it offers us a sense of community.

One of the most significant advantages of social media is the ability to connect with people who are geographically distant.

Our reliance on the mass media is, to some degree, unavoidable.

People, including celebrities, have the right to keep their private life private, which should be respected by nosy reporters.

Social media can be addictive and time-consuming, leading to procrastination and distraction.

Social media has become a powerful tool for activism and social change.

Social media is a valuable tool for connecting with others and staying informed, and as long as it is used responsibly, it can be an incredibly powerful force for good in the world.

Social media provides us with a wealth of information.

Thanks to technological development, the mass media is becoming more convincing than ever.

The famous are often the victims of sensationalism and tabloid journalism. 

The mass media is the biggest information provider for most people. For better or worse, our opinion is going to be shaped by the mass media.

The moment something significant happens in any part of the world, it is instantly reported on social media platforms, blogs, and news websites.

The rise of social media has revolutionized the way people interact with each other and with the world.

The vast amount of information available online can be overwhelming, and it can be challenging to tell what is credible and what is not. This can lead to fake news spreading like wildfire, causing panic and confusion among readers.

We have to rely on the mass media because it is impossible for us to always acquire first-hand knowledge.

The fact remains that different types of media actually complement rather than replace each other.

The media attracts public attention by sensationalizing victims' suffering.

The readers are being sold journalists's preferences and views, rather than objective information.

Thus we see that different types of media complement each other. 

Migrate.

Leaving one's home country gives access to a wider range of opportunities, particularly in terms of education and employment.

Staying in one's country can help to develop a better understanding of its culture, history, and society, which can be invaluable for those who want to make a positive contribution and improve their community.

Staying in one's home country allows people to remain close to their family and friends, which can provide a sense of security and emotional support. 

Military.

A life in the army is physically demanding for a woman.

Arm forces provide security and protection. Armed forces deter military attacks by other countries.

Armed forces also be sued to maintain peace within countries.

Armed forces can be used to give the police extra support.

Armies require a lot of funding from governments. Too much money is spent on weapons and military technology and this money could be spent on schools, hospitals and other public services.

Men should spare women, as much as possible, the evil of the war.

Soldiers are also used to help in emergency situations, such as after a natural disaster.

The psychological effects of a military career could be devastating.

War and fighting may be mankind's unavoidable folly.

Mixed Charts.

It is noticeable that monthly figures for precipitation in Kolkata vary considerably, whereas monthly temperatures remain relatively stable.

Between the months of January and May, average temperatures in Kolkata rise from their lowest point at around 20℃ to a peak of just over 30℃.

While temperatures stay roughly the same for the next four months, the amount of rainfall more than doubles between May and June.

Overall, females made up a higher proportion of people living alone than males, and this difference is particularly noticeable in the older age categories.

A significant majority of the people aged 65 or over who were living alone in England in 2011 were female.

Under 7% of single-occupant homes had four or more bedrooms.

Both immigration and emigration rates rose over the period shown, but the figures for immigration were significantly higher. 

After 2004, the rate of immigration remained high, but the number of people emigrating fluctuated.

We can also see that water consumption was considerably higher in Brazil than in the Congo.

Mobile Phone.

Mobile phones are a popular target for thieves.

Mobile phones can also be a dangerous distraction. Using a phone while driving reduces the driver's concentration.

Mobile phones can be a problem in some public places. Ringing phones cause disturbance in cinemas and school lessons. Some people are not aware that others can hear their conversations.

Mobile phones have revolutionized the way we communicate. We can stay in touch with family, friends and colleagues wherever we are.

Mobile phones may also interfere with electronic equipment. Their waves could cause damage to our brains.

The mobile phone is the most popular gadget in today's world. Users can send text messages, surf the Internet, take photos and listen to music. Mobiles have also become fashion accessories.

Money.

I agree that money is necessary in order for people to meet their basic needs.

I believe from money, no one can buy happiness or gain happiness

It is true that because of money, people can live their lives by having anything which they want.

When people have more money, they tend to do a lot of experiments and try to be more social.

Moral.

Lies may also be told so as to cushion the blow or shield people from harsh realities.

Some lies, once detected, lead others to thank us for being so considerate.

Some white lies certainly serve some purposes.

We should not lie unless absolutely necessary.

Museum.

On the one hand, it can be argued that the main role of a museum is to entertain. 

On the other hand, some people argue that museums should focus on education. 

Music.

Just as it transcends cultures, music also has the ability to connect people from different generations.

Listening to music enables us to feel relaxed.

Music can certainly reach across cultural and national boundaries and bring people together.

Music is something that accompanies all of us throughout our lives.

Traditional music should be valued over the international music that has become so popular.

Newspaper.

An event should only be reported if it is worthy and informative.

Being printed on paper, the newspaper is friendly to the eyes.

I believe that newspapers will continue to be a vital source of information, even in the Internet age.

News events often get dramatized.

News reports often don't show us the whole picture because all too often news coverage must bow to political pressure.

Newspapers and books are now published online as well as in print. We can read the news in any language from any country in the world. It costs nothing to publish or access information on the Internet.

Newspapers are the most traditional means of communicating the news, and not everyone wants to or is able to use the Internet instead.

Newspaper articles and books are written by professionals. They produce better quality writing than amateurs, but the Internet allows anybody to publish their own writing.

Newspapers can be trusted as reliable sources of news because they employ professional journalists and editors.

Newspapers offer in-depth reports on various events, which can rarely be found on radio or TV.

People still buy newspapers and books because they are portable. People do not like reading from a screen.

Reporters often seek to captivate rather than inform the reader.

So long as you can read you pick up a newspaper and enjoy.

The key benefit of online news compared to newspapers is the ability to share articles, discuss them with other people, give our views, and even contribute with our own updates on social media.

Nuclear.

Fossil fuels like oil and gas are running out. Nuclear could replace the use of natural resources like coal, oil or gas.

It is safer to produce energy from solar, wind or water power.

Nuclear could help to reduce carbon emissions that cause global warming.

Nuclear power is a sustainable energy source. Nuclear can be used to produce electricity without wasting natural resources.

Nuclear waste disposal is a significant problem. There is currently no way to decontaminate radioactive material.

Nuclear weapons should be prohibited. Governments should limit the production of nuclear weapons.

Nuclear weapons are capable of destroying whole cities. A nuclear war between two countries would destroy both countries.

Nuclear weapons are used as a deterrent, so they can prevent wars from starting.

Nuclear weapons cannot be used against terrorist organizations.

Opponents of nuclear power worry about the safety of power stations. The building of new nuclear power stations is unpopular; nobody wants to live near one.

People worry that terrorists could steal radioactive materials.

There is a danger of nuclear weapons being obtained by terrorists.

There are several benefits to build more nuclear power stations. Nuclear power stations are cleaner than fossil fuel power stations. The risks of accidents are being reduced.

Olympic Game.

Governments are involved in the hosting of sporting events such as the Olympics. Because these events attract investment and create jobs. The Olympic Games are an advertisement for the host nation, which attract huge numbers of visitors and sports fans.

Some people believe that the believe that the Olympic Games are a waste of money.

There are those who believe that the Olympic Games can bring nations together.

Wealthy countries tend to hold these events. But developing countries should be given the chance to become hosts as well.

Personality.

Growing up in the countryside helps to cultivate one's self-reliance. Infrastructure and public service being inadequate, rural residents often do things for themselves.

Many people argue that we control our own destinies. We are not limited by our genetic characteristics or upbringing. By working hard we can achieve our goal where we put our minds to. Many successful people are "self-made".

Others think that our education and upbringing are more important. We develop according to the influences around us. Our personalities and achievements depend more on nurture than nature. We can shape our own personalities.

People raised in a city are often competitive and ambitious. They have been engaged in competitions with their peers since an early age;

People's character can be attributed to many factors, the environment being only one of them.

Some people believe that our personalities are determined mainly by genetics. We inherit our abilities and talents from our parents.

Though possessing individuality, people often share some collective traits unique to the place where they live.

Policy.

Adequate grants and scholarships should be set aside to alleviate the financial burdens of those underprivileged students.

Authorities should censor those news reports that give an exaggerated account of some social problems.

Better planning could make the best use of existing roads without further encroachment on the already scarce parks, gardens, or squares.

Budget cuts make it difficult for many young people to receive a college education.

Building apartment blocks helps solve overcrowding in cities.

Financial support should be granted to those with real potential.

Government grants could encourage more students to take postgraduate courses.

Governments are also responsible for the security and well-being of their citizens.

Governments can create jobs.

Governments can influence people's habits and opinions.

Governments can introduce new laws.

Governments can impose taxes. Governments raise money by taxing working people.

Governments can provide resources for schools.

Governments can raise people's awareness of issues (e.g. climate change / healthy eating).

Governments can regulate the activities of companies such as banks.

Governments control armed forces and police forces.

Governments have a significant role to play in reducing obesity. Governments should promote a healthy diet and regular exercise. 

Governments provide public services like healthcare and education.

Governments should introduce laws to protect natural environments and local cultures.

Governments should offer some cities funds to preserve historic buildings.

Governments support people who are living in poverty or unable to work.

I believe that governments should try to preserve languages that are less widely spoken. A language is much more than simply a means of communication; it has a vital connection with the cultural identity of the people who speak it.

If restrictions are imposed on certain areas and subjects, and if artists can only approach an issue in ways approved by the authority, art ceases to be art. 

In conclusion, we must take into account this problem rationally and place more emphasis on peasants' lives. Any government that is blind to this point will pay a heavy price.

In short, peace and development is certainly the theme of this century. Priority should be given to assisting the poor both at home and abroad rather than national defense.

It is desirable to build more hospitals, shopping centers, recreation centers, cinemas, and other public facilities to meet the growing needs of people.

It is suggested that governments ought to make efforts to reduce the increasing gap between cities and the countryside. 

Much needs to be done by the government to help this disadvantaged group.

Some people hold the government accountable for this issue.

Tax reductions are beneficial to those who live on a tight budget.

The government should be responsible for ensuring that children have access to healthy food choices, such as vegetables and fruits, at school canteens.

The government should give priority to welfare services, especially healthcare.

The top priority for deprived countries is to satisfy citizens' basic needs. 

Therefore, I am in favor of providing free child care for all children, not just those of working mothers, if the government can afford it. Otherwise, the caring of the children remains to be the responsibility of individual families.

This is a matter of life and death--a matter no country can afford to ignore.

Those urban planners who are blind to this point will pay a heavy price, which they cannot afford it.

Poverty.

Overall the table suggests that households of single adults and those with children were more likely to be living in poverty than those consisting of couples.

Public service.

Free education and healthcare may be provided by the state.

Governments pay the salaries of public sector workers like police officers and teachers, and the necessary money is raised by taxing people's income.

Other people think that essential services should be free, and governments should pay for them.

Some governments control public transport systems and even TV channels. In other countries, these services are provided by private companies.

Some people believe that competition between private companies is good. It helps to improve quality while bringing prices down.

Punishment.

Corporal punishment creates an atmosphere of fear and anger. Children who are punished physically may become shy or resentful.

Corporal Punishment is not a good idea. Physical punishment is a way of controlling children using fear. This does not promote trust between adults and children.

Printed Publication.

Printed publications have cultural and historical value.

Reading from paper has been proven to be more beneficial for cognitive development than reading from electronic devices.

Radio.

By providing audio information only, radio leaves much room for imagination.

It is undeniable that radio is facing increasing competition from other forms of media. It needs to improve in terms of program variety and reception quality. But its longevity is beyond doubt.

Radio is not likely to be replaced soon or at all because it is the most convenient way to acquire information.

Reading.

Books are by far the most convenient way to disseminate information.

Books are tangible and give you a sense of achievement when you finish one whereas the completion of an e-book affords less satisfaction.

Books have been with us for thousands of years.

RealEstate.

The government can regulate the housing market through policies such as rent control, housing subsidies, and zoning.

The government may lack the resources and expertise to construct adequate housing units in a short time frame.

Salary.

It is fair that the best professionals earn a lot of money. Sports starts have dedicated hours of practice to developing their fitness and skills. Only the most talented among them will reach the top A sports and their career may only last 10 years.

Sport is a multi-million-pound industry. There is a large audience of sports fans. Sports on television attract many viewers. Sports fans are willing to pay to support their teams.

Sports professionals earn too much money. Football players, for example, earn enormous salaries by simply kicking a ball. They do not provide a vital service. Sports salaries should be compatible with the wages most people earn.

We could all live happily without professional football. Life would be difficult without doctors, engineers and other vital professionals. But society does not seem to value these professions as highly as professional sport.

Self-employment.

Nowadays, it is easy to set up a company. Self-employment offers greater freedom than working for a company However, there are risks to starting a new business. Self-employed people may face financial difficulties. Many businesses fail to make a profit.

There is less stability in self-employment. There are no benefits like pensions, sick pay and holiday pay. Self-employment involves hard work, long hours and total responsibility.

Smoke.

Smoking is a potential fire hazard.

Public smoking is a health threat to others, especially non-smokers.

The euphoria produced by cigarettes is akin to that generated by alcohol or drugs, an escape from reality at best.

Thus it is in the interest of the public and the smokers themselves that public smoking should be banned.

Sociel.

Additional social stresses may also occur because of the population explosion or problems arising from mass migration movements-themselves made relatively easy nowadays by modern means of transport.

Apart from elements making an ideal society, much effort has to be taken for fulfilling this dream.

Good social skills are an advantage that facilitates employees's jobs such as shortening time to complete work, facilitating processes, and achieving superior results.

It is indisputable that there are millions of people who still have a miserable life and have to face the dangers of starvation and exposure.

It would be difficult to create a happy, prosperous society.

Many people argue that highly qualified employees still greatly perform their jobs without good social skills such as engineers, scientists, adventurers, and astronomers.

Racial discrimination remains a serious problem.

Remarkable social changes mean that there is scope for employees to switch to jobs with relative ease and take charge of their own progress and development at their own pace.

Rich as our country is, the qualities of our living are by no means satisfactory.

Several aspects should be taken into consideration in the way to build a perfect society.

Society as a whole also experiences this kind of mixed blessing.

The aging population has prompted countries to raise the statutory retirement age.

Solar Power.

In contrast with the drawbacks caused by nuclear power, solar power can serve as a better move toward the solution to the problem of the energy crisis.

Study.

The option to start work straight after school is attractive for several reasons. Many young people want to start earning money as soon as possible.

On the other hand, I believe that it is more beneficial for students to continue their studies.

Firstly, academic qualifications are required in many professions.

Secondly, the job market is becoming increasingly competitive, and sometimes there are hundreds of applicants for one position in a company. 

Success.

A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm.

Behind every successful man there are a lot of unsuccessful years.

Experience shows that success is due less to ability than to zeal. The winner is he who gives himself to his work, body and soul.

For some, being successful means achieving personal or professional goals. They see success as the result of hard work.

People define success in different ways. Some people get a sense of achievement from raising a family. For others, success is defined by wealth or status.

They have risen to the top in their chosen professions, but success in any field requires long-term planning and effort.

We often think of rich and famous people as being successful in life. Millionaires like Bill Gates are considered to be successful.

Surveillance.

The authorities could build databases with our pictures and identities. We should not be treated like criminals.

Video cameras are supposed to protect us and deter criminals, but many people think that this surveillance violates our privacy.

Video cameras have been installed in many public places. The use of CCTV is becoming widespread.

Shopping.

Apart from stealing our time, shopping has a more insidious effect. It advocates a luxurious lifestyle.

People start to envy those rich enough to enjoy luxuries and making money becomes their primary goal.

Shopping advocates a luxurious lifestyle.

Shopping is no longer something we do because we need something, but a recreation, and end in itself.

Shopping for its own sake is a waste of both time and money.

Sport.

By participating in team sports, we learn to work with others.

Children are undergoing fast physical development; lack of physical exercise may have a disastrous influence on their later lives.

In daily life we compete to get jobs or the highest grades, because competition is a natural instinct in humans.

Individual sports can be more freedom which means the person can make whatever effort they want and there are no team members to be concerned about.

It is also argued that professional athletes as a group are paid too much and the exceptionally high salaries for top athletes cannot be justified. 

It is generally agreed that its chronic poor performance is more due to its collective strategy than the skills of individual players.

It seems undeniable that compared to an individual sport, a group sport requires collaboration between participants, players should work as a team to share the responsibilities, take into account opportunities, and choose others, so the qualities as cooperation and coordination are of the essence to achieve maximum synergy.

Like art, sport is a good way to train ourselves psychologically as well as physically.	

Many experts point out that physical exercise contributes directly to a person's physical fitness.

Money is necessary to improve facilities and train athletes.

Most people nowadays lead a sedentary lifestyle. We tend to walk less and do desk jobs. Most adults relax by watching television. Children play video games rather than doing outdoor sports.

On the contrary, those games are conducive to cooperation and progress.

Physical exertion is conducive to our health.

Playing a sport within a team can achieve the best result and support each team member.

Professional sports are the same as any other business, and many people are employed in the sports industry. Sports stars entertain millions of people. People should be able to use their talents to earn a salary.

Proponents of the idea that the government should ban dangerous sports maintain that the physical harm caused by these activities far outweighs any benefits derived from them.

Regular exercise is essential in maintaining a healthy body. Doctors advise exercising at least three times a week for 20 minutes. Exercise burns calories and helps to build healthy bones and muscles.

Since the examination is around the corner, I am compelled to give up doing sports.

Solo sports also bring a number of benefits allow to cultivate and maximalize their personal capacity.

Some people think that sport and politics should remain separate.

Sport has become a business. Professional sport encourages people to compete for money. Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame, and some athletes take drugs in order to win at any cost. 

Sport is a character builder.

Sports and other school activities can be designed to give children a sense of accomplishment and to promote their well-being.

Sports are a safe form of competition. Competition is healthy because it pushes us to give our best. Competitors and fans can release energy and aggression. Supporters of teams feel a sense of belonging to a community.

Sports should be leisure activities rather than jobs, and people should do sporting activities for enjoyment and health reasons. Taking part is more important than winning. All sports should be amateur.

The claim that sports lead to competition rather than cooperation is only a lame argument.

The government has the duty to enforce regulations if necessary to safeguard human lives.

The level of professional sports is much higher than that of amateur sports.

Those who advocate for complete freedom believe that individuals should have the right to participate in any activities they choose, provided they do not harm anyone else.

Stress.

Children may be affected by their parents' relationship problems. Tests and exams can also cause stress.

Schools have started to employ psychologist; they can offer emotional support to students, and they can help students to cope with exam stress.

Stress can be reduced by taking regular exercise and eating a healthy diet. It is also important to get sufficient sleep and make leisure time a priority. People should work less overtime and take regular holidays.

The relationship with one's fellow human being also adds to one's stress.

Many experts point out that, along with the development of modern society, it is an inevitable result and there is no way to avoid it.

Modern lifestyles are increasingly stressful. Our busy lifestyles mean we have less time to relax. Unemployment is a major cause of stress.

Science And Technology.

Advances in medical technology have made it possible for people to live longer than in the past.

Although many people tend to live under the illusion that traditional technology and methods are still playing an extremely important role in people's life, increasing evidence show that it is less useful than many people think.

Animal experiments sometimes fail to detect the undesirable side effects of drugs.

Anthropologists have discovered that fear, happiness, sadness, and surprise are universally reflected in facial expressions.

As a popular saying goes, "everything has two sides." Now the public is benefiting more and more from scientific and technological inventions. On the other hand, the progress of science and technology is bringing us a lot of trouble. People in many countries are suffering from public hazards.

As I see it, robots are not different from other human inventions, which are never perfect.

At the same time, along with the benefits of such machines, employees must study the knowledge involved in such machines so that they are able to control them.

Besides, new technologies can be very alluring. They bring about conveniences and even wonders.

Computer-aided translation is far from doing a satisfactory job at the present stage of development. 

Entertainment has undergone enormous changes since the advent of modern science and technology.

Fortunately or unfortunately, mankind is always pushing for something better. Tantalizing successes always loom ahead. Having tasted the wonders of advanced technologies, we cannot do without them. Hence we become increasingly busy.

From what has been discussed above, I firmly believe that time will prove that traditional technology and methods will die out with the development of modern science and technology. The maintenance of traditional technology and methods is futile.

Genetic engineering allows people to nurture crop varieties.

In a larger sense, all subjects are vital to human progress.

Internet, fax and mobile phone technologies have revolutionized working life. Workers can communicate via email, online networks and video conferencing. It gives people more freedom. It can also save time and money. 

It is commonly thought that our society has dramatically changed by modern science and technology, and humans have made extraordinary progress in knowledge and technology over the recent decades.

It is true that new technologies have had an influence on communication between people.

It is undeniable that people today have a better life quality.

It must be admitted that books are increasingly being replaced by other types of storage devices.

It must be realized that in the process of solving problems, scientists also create problems, the solutions of which are often beyond their reach.

Machine translation has encountered seemingly insurmountable obstacles when dealing with written language.

Many values of traditional technology are out of date and should be replaced by modern science.

Modern people are blessed with so many means of acquiring information that some of us feel overwhelmed by the outpouring of vast amounts of information. 

Modern technology has allowed rich people to accumulate wealth more easily.

Natural science and social science are both employed in our everlasting quest toward a total understanding of the world, neither of which can be discarded.

No one can deny the basic fact that it is impossible for average workers to master those high-technology skills easily.

Nuclear technology is a two-edged weapon.

On the individual side, technical advances brought unprecedented conveniences but also certain problems.

People in the 21st century have advanced social mobility and personal freedom.

Some people disapprove of genetically modified food.

Technology can connect workers in different countries.

Technology has had an impact on relationships in business, education and social life.

Technology itself is amoral. It can either serve or cut us. How we use it depends on ourselves.

Technological advancements have made it possible for people to work from any location while earning a decent paycheck.

Thanks to science, mankind keeps making progress both materially and spiritually.

The internet and other digital innovations have made the world a more connected and convenient place.

The investment in space technology should be supported by the government.

The level of access to education, healthcare, and technology has improved significantly in the 21st century compared to previous centuries.

The world is now more interconnected than ever before, and people have access to vast resources and knowledge.

There are limits and scientists are not omnipotent.

There is much discussion over science and technology. One of the questions under debate is whether traditional technology and methods are bound to die out when a country begins to develop modern science and technology.

Though exhilarating, changes can sometimes overwhelm us. At present, most technological developments only aim to address our physical needs. In fact, our mental and spiritual lives need more attention.

Thus in many fields, science and technology are far from providing perfect solutions.

Time and again, science and technology have created wonders and even miracles, thus fortifying our belief in it.

To achieve personal growth and success, one needs in-depth knowledge of a certain discipline.

Under the onslaught of technological progress, books seem increasingly outdated.

What is even more important is that the scientific method is transforming our ways of thinking.

While all subjects contribute to the progress of mankind, science should get the most credit.

Without a doubt, social science, such as philosophy, language, and economics, is of great importance to civilization.

Tourism.

Beautiful beaches are spoiled by the building of hotels. Tourism creates pollution and waste. It puts pressure on local resources.

Local traditions and cultures may be endangered.

Low-cost airlines are making it cheaper to travel abroad. Traveling abroad opens our minds. We can learn to speak other languages.

Many people believe that international tourism produce positive effects on economic growth and local government should be encouraged to promote international tourism.

Many people today enjoy the pleasure of traveling around the world and appreciating exotic cultures and landscapes.

Proper measures must be taken to limit the number of foreign tourists and great efforts should be made to protect the local environment and history from the harmful effects of international tourism.

The living standard of the average Chinese is still not high enough to be able to afford the many different sorts of expenses during long-distance travel.

The price of goods, services and housing may increase significantly. A rise in the cost of living affects local people.

The problem of international tourism has caused wide public concern over the recent years.

The tourist trade is vital for some economies. Tourism attracts investment from multi-national companies. It creates employment in services like accommodation, transport and entertainment. Tourists spend money. Some areas rely on tourism for their income. It helps to improve the standard of living.

The way I see it, tourism can do much to promote tradition and culture.

Tourism brings China a lot of benefits. First, it enables the Chinese people to know more about the outside world and promotes friendship and understanding. Second, it is financially beneficial to China, which needs more foreign currencies for its modernization program.

Tourism can have a negative effect on the natural environment. The building of facilities and infrastructure can destroy the habitat of wild animals.

Tourism, however, gives rise to a number of problems. For instance, it becomes a burden to inefficient transportation systems.

Tourism is a popular leisure activity. People go on holiday to relax and have fun.

Tourism should have a low impact on wildlife. Renewable resources like solar or water power should be used. Waste should be recycled.

Tourist spots endeavor to cater to tourists' needs and tastes.

Tourists can experience different cultures. They can sunbathe on beaches or go sightseeing.

What these people fail to see is that international tourism may bring about a disastrous impact on our environment and local history.

Traditional VS Modern.

Architecture from the past is often linked with certain historic events, the description of which may sometimes be found in history books. 

Because of industrialization and global trade, many traditions have disappeared. Global advertising encourages everyone to buy the same products.

Clothes are mass-produced in standard sizes. People wear similar clothes, rather than traditional costumes. Jeans and T-shirts are now worn throughout the world.

Historic buildings took skilled craftsmen years to build. Modern concrete, steel and glass buildings are built in only weeks or months.

Historic relics should be preserved for their historical significance.

It is important to maintain our different cultural identities. We should celebrate festivals, teach traditional skills and protect historic places.

It is true that many older people believe in traditional values that often seem incompatible with the needs of younger people.

Religious and traditional festivals have certainly become times for celebration.

Some traditional views and values are certainly applicable to the modern world.

Many of the ideas that elderly people have about life are becoming less relevant for younger people.

The old and the new need not be in mortal conflict, They can co-exist in harmony.

Traditional customs are still important during weddings and religious festivals. People wear traditional costumes and eat special foods.

Traffic.

A well-developed public transport system is the ultimate way to reduce the number of cars on the road.

Another solution would be to tax drivers. In London, for example, there is a congestion charge. This helps to raise money for better public transport.

Because of low-cost carriers, the aviation industry has developed at an astounding pace over the past decades.

Bicycles can't be compared with other means of transporations like car and train for speed and comfort.

Despite many obvious advantages of bicycle, it is not without its problem.

Each day tens of thousands of people die from traffic accidents in cities worldwide, a regrettable and wasteful loss of human lives.

In my view, both punishments and a range of other measures can be used together to promote better driving habits.

In order to reduce traffic we should change our working habits. The internet can now be used to connect people. More people could work from home. Meetings can be held as video conferences.

In view of such a serious situation, environmental tools of transportation like bicycles are more important than at any time before.

Introducing the fear of punishment like imprisonment, higher penalties or cancellation of driving license in civilians can cultivate a good habit of following the traffic rules, so they do not have to face the penalties of rule-breaking.

Investment in buses and trains will ease traffic congestion. Buses can be given special lanes to avoid traffic.

It is time the authorities concerned took proper steps to solve the traffic problems.

Long-haul travel could be beneficial for residents who cannot afford accommodation near their workplaces or schools in big cities

Many city residents complain that it is so few buses in their city that they have to spend much more time waiting for a bus, which is usually crowded with a large number of passengers.

Many people have no sense of how to drive and they infringe all the traffic rules and regulations and got accidents badly.

Many people, including drivers and cyclists, do not obey the traffic rules properly, especially at busy intersections. And this undoubtedly worsens the already grave situation.

Metro systems and trains are often dirty and crowded. People feel like "sardines in a can".

Mobile phones can be a dangerous distraction for drivers. They draw the driver's attention away from the road. The use of phones while driving has been banned in many countries. Punishments are becoming stricter.

More traffic wardens should be posted and traffic lights set up so as to regulate the flow of traffic.

Most of the human loss and property damage caused by traffic accidents are avoidable if people choose to give up a little bit of their convenience for the sake of others.

No one can doubt the essential fact that the traffic problem over the last years has caused wide public concern all over the world.

On the one hand, strict punishments can certainly help to encourage people to drive more safely.

On the other hand, I believe that safe driving can be promoted in several different ways that do not punish drivers.

One argument put forward in favor of strict punishment for traffic offenses is that in urban areas employees must have to reach the on time at the office and because of that they will disobey all the traffic rules to reach on time and they get catastrophe and hurt their lives.

People tend to travel alone. Cars and road space are not used efficiently. This causes traffic jams during the rush hour.

Public transport is often slow and unreliable. Cars are much more comfortable.

Speed cameras have become more common. Speed bumps are another form of traffic calming. Many streets are designed with the aim of slowing traffic down.

Television campaigns are used to remind people to drive safely. Driving while tired or drunk is extremely dangerous.

The first one is air pollution since using many cars emits a huge amount of exhaust fumes into the air.

The number of people, who have access to their own cars, has risen sharply in recent years.

This trend of traveling negatively affects commuters' efficiency and substantially contributes to the deterioration of the environment.

Traffic congestion is caused by commuters traveling to work. Most people live in the suburbs outside city centre. Commuters tend to travel at the same time of day.

We need to reduce our dependence on cars. Parking a car can be extremely difficult in bit cities.

Well-designed transport systems are comfortable and convenient. Modern public transport can be fast and cheap. Public transport can help to reduce pollution in cities.

Workers could be given flexible timetables. Workers should share their cars and travel together. Public transport needs to be reliable and efficient.

TV.

Children copy the behavior they see on the screen. 

Children should play outside rather than sit in front of a screen all day. 

Close community ties often can't withstand the onslaught of TV programs, which induces people to shut the door, sit on the couch, and stare at the screen.

From what I have mentioned above, we can see clearly that violence on TV has a great influence on youngsters' behavior.

News coverage makes the public aware of events around the world. Documentaries can make learning more interesting.

Programs can also be informative and educational.

Some people link violence on television with crime rates in the real world.

Television brings the best comedians, musicians and actors into our homes.

Television has many benefits. However, it can be addictive.

Television is having a negative impact on society. Most programs do not require much though.

Television is more than just an electronic appliance; it is a means of expression, as well as a vehicle for communication, and as such becomes a powerful tool for reaching other human beings.

Television is the most effective of these three media because it brings us closer to reality than a book or radio program ever can.

Television programs can be entertaining and enjoyable. Viewers have access to a huge variety of entertainment channels. 

The right to watch TV should not be denied by the parents in this fashion.

TV alienates family members by absorbing their time and attention which can otherwise be given to each other.

TV companies should make more positive and educational programs.

Watching television is a good way to relax. It is many people's favorite way to wind down after a hard day at work.

Watching TV is a waste of time.

Unemployment.

Receiving benefits affects people's self-esteem.

Some people are unable to find a job. They may not have a sufficient level of education or qualifications. The unemployed need career advice. Governments need to provide vocational courses and retraining.

Some people claim benefits rather than working. They become dependent on the government. They are not motivated to find a job. All citizens should work to earn a living and support themselves.

Some governments pay unemployment benefits in order to help jobless people. Unemployed people need financial support until they find a new job. By claiming benefits they can continue to pay for their homes.

The benefits system helps to reduce poverty, homelessness and crime.

The benefits system is a burden on taxpayers.

Unemployment is a big problem for individuals, communities and society. Unemployment causes frustration and stress. Jobless people may become involved in crime as a means to get money.

University Education.

Attending university provides individuals with essential knowledge and skills that are vital for success in the modern world.

Formal education is no longer the sole path to success, and that alternative approaches such as vocational training or entrepreneurship can be as effective.

While university education can provide valuable knowledge and skills, success is not exclusively determined by a degree. It is essential to recognize that success is subjective and encompasses many facets of life. 

Vegetarian.

A healthy diet is possible without eating meat. It is unnecessary to kill animals for food.

In many cultures, meat is the main ingredient in traditional meals.

Many people question the treatment of animals in factory farms.

Meat-eaters argue that animals are below humans in the food chain. It is completely natural for us to kill them for food.

Our aim should be to improve farming methods.

Vegetarians do not eat a balanced diet.

Vegetarians do not eat foods that are produced by killing animals. Many people choose a vegetarian diet for moral or health reasons. A vegetarian diet may reduce the risk of diseases like cancer.

Visual Image.

Critics of visual images in news stories assert that they cannot represent the whole story. Photographs and videos are static and can be taken out of context. They may not provide a complete idea of what happened.

Many people believe that visual images are an essential tool in presenting news stories accurately. 

Some people argue that visual images do not necessarily represent the full story.

Those who support the use of visual images in news stories argue that they can provide a better understanding of events, making them more accessible to a wider audience.

Visual images are an essential aspect of a news story, but they should be combined with other forms of information to provide a comprehensive understanding.

Visual images are an essential tool for news stories; however, it is crucial to ensure that they are used appropriately.

Visual images can be useful in telling a news story, but they should not be relied upon entirely. 

Visual images can efficiently make a news story more appealing and comprehensible.

Visual images do not represent the full story in news, and they can be easily manipulated.

Water.

As populations grow, there is more pressure on water supplies. This could lead to a water crisis. Areas that suffer droughts often need to import water. Water is becoming scarce in some countries.

Companies should not be able to make a profit from water. It is unethical to make money by selling packaged water.

Drinking water is not contaminated by sewage or waste water.

However, other people believe that we should consume less bottled water. Plastic water bottles add to litter and waste problems.

Huge amounts of water are needed for agriculture and industry. The irrigation of crops accounts for a large proportion of water use.

If water is free, people take it for granted. They do not think about how much water they waste. They leave taps running while washing or brushing their teeth. If we have to pay for water, we will use it more responsibly.

Private companies may provide a better service than governments If they provide an efficient service, they will make more money. They will repair leaks to avoid losng money.

Private companies should not be allowed to profit from this natural resource.

Some people believe that water should be free for everyone. Governments should supply water to all homes at no cost. Money from taxes can be used to pay for water supply systems.

Some people carry bottles of water wherever they go. For example, they take bottles of water to work or to the gym. They believe that bottled water is healthier than tap water. But there is no difference in quality between bottled and tap water.

The supply of clean water would improve public health in many developing countries.

The supply of water is also an important political issue. A water crisis could lead to political conflicts or even wars.

Urban life would be impossible without water supply systems. These systems are massive engineering projects. The supply and distribution of water are major concerns. Many professionals are involved in their planning, construction and maintenance.

Water is a necessary natural resource. Humans need access to clean and safe drinking water in order to live. Poor water quality is a major cause of disease and death in some countries.

Water supply systems are extremely expensive. Investment is needed to maintain and improve them.

Water usually needs to be treated before we can drink it. Developing countries often lack the means to treat and supply water to citizens. Developed countries tend to have much better sanitation. Citizens have access to clean tap water.

Wealth.

Wealth does not lead to happiness. Materialism causes greed and crime. We should return to traditional values like sharing.

Weapons.

Governments are promoting war in order to make a profit.

Governments of rich and industrialized countries sell arms to each other. The trade of weapons may improve relationships between governments.

In some countries, people are allowed to own firearms. Individuals have the right to protect themselves. People can use guns in self-defense, which deters criminals.

Many criminals use weapons. The police may shoot violent criminals in self-defense.

Only special police units should use guns.

Police can shoot an escaping criminal who poses a serious danger to the public. This can protect the public.

Rich countries can influence the politics of other nations.

The export of arms, or weapons, is an extremely controversial issue. This industry creates jobs and wealth.

The number of violent crimes increases when guns are available. Guns create violent societies with high murder rates. Criminals may be armed. The police then need to use guns.

The police might shoot an unarmed criminal or an innocent person.

The threat of a gun can deter criminals. Police officers can force a criminal to surrender. It is easier to arrest someone and avoid physical violence.

There is a risk of accidents with guns. Suicide rates have been shown to rise when guns are available.

There is a risk of accidents and mistakes. Accidents can happen in public places.

There are several alternatives to guns (e.g. tear gas, sprays and electric shock weapons).

Weapons may be used in conflicts and wars. The supply of arms could be responsible for deaths.

Weather.

Summer is sultry. That's the reason why I don't like it.

Weather a large family is a good thing or not is a very popular topic, which is often talked about not only by city residents but by farmers as well.

Work.

A good work/life balance can raise job satisfaction. Happy, healthy workers are more productive.

An employee should be rewarded as per his or her contribution to the company, which should be measured by using objective criteria as much as possible. 

Being a leader is more conducive to personal growth.

Companies shouldn't expect employees to work overtime. Many companies provide childcare facilities.

Many employees are willing to work for companies where they can obtain promotional opportunities.

Nowadays, many people work part-time or have flexible working hours. Technology allows people to work from home.

Older workers are replaced because they long lost their enthusiasm for work and hamper innovation by always doing things the old way.

People from disadvantaged backgrounds can improve their social status by working hard.

People nowadays are more concerned about their interest in work.

People with a heavy workload do not have adequate time to rest.

The harder you work, the more progress you make.

Too much work can result in stress and poor health. "Workaholics" may neglect their families and friends. It is important to achieve a balance between work time and leisure or family time.

We should bring home to people the value of working hard.

With an increasing number of young people participating in volunteer work, community cohesion will be enhanced.

Work is a main source of stress for most people.

Work is likely to become more demanding, and competition fiercer, but as long as we are fully prepared, the prospect looks good for all of us.

Working long hours has become the norm in companies.

Zoo.

Some people believe that zoos are unethical. Zoos exhibit animals with the aim of making money. We have no right to use animals for entertainment and profit.

The best way to save endangered species is by protecting natural habitats.

Zoos play an important role in wildlife conservation. They can help to protect endangered species.

Zoos are educational, interesting and fun. Children, in particular, enjoy learning about animals.

Zoos allow scientists to study animals and their behavior.

Zoo animals are kept in artificial environments. They are kept in cages or have limited space.

Zoo animals rely on humans. They lose the freedom to hunt for food.

Other.

One sight is worth a thousand words.

Sometimes it is hard to really comprehend something until one sees it with his own eyes.

It'll help the luck stick.

Giving up is for rookies.

Time and tide wait for no man.

Experience is the best teacher.

Badtime makes a good man.

Sow nothing, reap nothing.

Live, laugh, love & bread.

We are so excited about the future.

All is well that ends well.

There is no royal road to learning.

Rose will bloom all the time.

You can't please everyone.

It's never too late to mend.

Actions speak louder than words.

Failure is the mother of success.

To shine, not be illuminated.

Where there is a will, there is a way.

An idle youth, a needy age.

Keep on going and never give up.

You want something, go get it.

I'm always here if you need me.

A single spark can start a prairie fire.

If you can dream it, you can do it.

What pains us trains us.

You can't judge a person from his appearance.

We get to decide what our story is.

Cease to struggle and you cease to live.

We will come ashore in the sunshine.

After all, tomorrow is another day.

Life is a hard and tortuous journey.

Even miracles take a little time.

Ability is of little account without opportunity.

Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.

Dependence is misery, independence is happiness.

A room without books is like a body without a soul.

Never let your emotions overpower your intelligence.

Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.

Custom makes all things easy.

A good beginning is half done.

Doing is better than saying.

Don't trouble trouble until trouble troubles you.

Confidence in yourself is the first step on the road on the road to success.

An apple aday keeps the doctor away.

If heaven made him, earth can find some use for him.

Eat to live, but not live to eat.

Sometimes accompanied sometimes alone stay awesome all the time.

Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.

The happier you are, the more beautiful you become.

Don't put off till tomorrow what should be done today.

The best and most beautiful things in the world can not be seen or even touched, they must be felt with heart.

Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate.

A single flower does not make a spring.

A friend in need is a friend indeed.

Actions speak louder than words.

I like simple and clean life, so do I make friends.

The secret of success is constancy to purpose.

Life would be too smooth if it had no rubs in it.

You are a young love and sweet for the rest of mylife.

A bad beginning makes a bad ending.

Cross the stars over the moon to meet your better-self.

I like the night, Without the dark, we'd never seethestar.

A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.

Everything will be ok in the end, if it's not ok, it's not the end.

Behind every successful man there's a lot of unsuccessful years.

How wonderful life is while you're in the world.

A laugh can be a very powerful thing.

A deserted port is always full of flowers.

Expect that there is much happiness in life that has not yet happened.

A liar is not believed when he speaks the truth.

I hope we can all be as brave as each other.

Don't get all sad-faced about what happened and scrunchy-faced about what could.

He would climb the ladder must begin at the bottom.

If you find a path with no obstracles, It probably doesn't lead anywhere.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.

Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart.

You can't change what you are, only what you do.

Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.

Don't cry because it is over, smile because it happened.

When I love you, I always feel that I'm not good enough.

Tired to look back, you will find that I have been behind you.

Don't undermine your worth by comparing yourself and others.

I'm dark all over, and I always want to give sunshine to others.

Thou hast nor youth nor age. But as it were an after-dinner sleep, Dreaming of both.

It's better to have fought and lost, than never to have fought at all.

Action is the foundational key to all success.

Fake friends never betray in front of you, They always do it behind you.

Everyone has problems, Some are just better at hiding them than others.

The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.

If I should meet thee After long years, How should I greet thee? With silence and tears.

We have no right to take another human life.