Bike.

Bicycles are cheap and efficient transport modes.

Bicycles are the most environment-friendly means of transport except for walking.

Bicycles are unfit for long-distance traveling.

Bicycles are a very low-cost mode of transport.

Bicycles can be easily maneuvered around traffic, and they can be parked almost anywhere

Bicycles can't shield against rain or dust.

Bicycles will continue to play extremely important roles in modern society.

Cycling is healthy and better for the environment.

Due to traffic congestion, cycling is often the quickest way to reach your destination.

People who walk or cycle regularly are generally healthier.

Promoting cycling will lead to considerable reductions in cities' traffic congestion.

Riding a bike contributes to our health.

The bicycle is indeed a brilliant human invention. 

Unlike cars and public transportation systems, bicycles do not require expensive fuel, maintenance, or infrastructure to operate.

Unlike many other devices, the bike reinforces our reliance on ourselves both physically and mentally.

Using a bicycle contributes greatly to people's physical fitness as well as easing traffic jams.

Traffic.

A well-developed public transport system is the ultimate way to reduce the number of cars on the road.

Another solution would be to tax drivers.

Because of low-cost carriers, the aviation industry has developed at an astounding pace over the past decades.

Bicycles can't be compared with other means of transportation like cars and trains for speed and comfort.

Both punishments and a range of other measures can be used together to promote better driving habits.

Buses can be given special lanes to avoid traffic.

Cars are much more comfortable.

Despite many obvious advantages of bicycles, it is not without its problem.

Driving while tired or drunk is extremely dangerous.

Each day tens of thousands of people die from traffic accidents in cities worldwide, a regrettable and wasteful loss of human lives.

In order to reduce traffic we should change our working habits.

In view of such a serious situation, environmental tools of transportation like bicycles are more important than at any time before.

Investment in buses and trains will ease traffic congestion.

It is time the authorities concerned took proper steps to solve the traffic problems.

Long-haul travel could be beneficial for residents who cannot afford accommodation near their workplaces or schools in big cities

Many city residents complain that it is so few buses in their city that they have to spend much more time waiting for a bus, which is usually crowded with a large number of passengers.

Many people have no sense of how to drive and they infringe all the traffic rules and regulations and got accidents badly.

Many people, including drivers and cyclists, do not obey the traffic rules properly, especially at busy intersections.

Metro systems and trains are often dirty and crowded.

Mobile phones can be a dangerous distraction for drivers.

Modern public transport can be fast and cheap.

More traffic wardens should be posted and traffic lights set up so as to regulate the flow of traffic.

Most of the human loss and property damage caused by traffic accidents are avoidable if people choose to give up a little bit of their convenience for the sake of others.

Most people live in the suburbs outside the city center, commuters tend to travel at the same time of day.

No one can doubt the essential fact that the traffic problem over the last years has caused wide public concern all over the world.

On the one hand, strict punishments can certainly help to encourage people to drive more safely.

On the other hand, I believe that safe driving can be promoted in several different ways that do not punish drivers.

Parking a car can be extremely difficult in big cities.

People tend to travel alone.

Public transport can help to reduce pollution in cities.

Public transport is often slow and unreliable.

Public transport needs to be reliable and efficient.

Speed cameras have become more common.

Speed bumps are another form of traffic calming, many streets are designed to slow traffic down.

Television campaigns are used to remind people to drive safely.

The first one is air pollution since using many cars emits a huge amount of exhaust fumes into the air.

The number of people, who have access to their own cars, has risen sharply in recent years.

The use of phones while driving has been banned in many countries.

This trend of traveling negatively affects commuters' efficiency and substantially contributes to the deterioration of the environment.

Traffic congestion is caused by commuters traveling to work.

We need to reduce our dependence on cars.

Well-designed transport systems are comfortable and convenient.

Workers could be given flexible timetables.

Workers should share their cars and travel together.

