Animal.

Animals are used in important scientific research. It is necessary to do medical tests on new drugs.

Animal testing helps to advance medical and scientific knowledge. Many important medical discoveries involved experimentation on animals.

Humans have no moral right to do experiments on animals. The lives of animals should be respected.

I also disagree with the idea that protecting animals is a waste of resources.

I would advocate equal treatment to all things, living or unliving. There should be no destruction of anything unless absolutely necessary.

In my opinion, it is absurd to argue that wild animals have no place in the 21st century. 

Just as we have our human rights, animals should also enjoy animal rights.

Protecting wild animals also has significant economic benefits.

Reliable alternatives to animal experimentation may not always be available.

Researchers aim to minimize the suffering that animals experience.

Testing for the cosmetics industry is now banned in many countries.

The benefits of research using animals do not justify the suffering caused. There are alternative methods of research.

The caged animals in zoos are not what they really are.

There are clear ethical arguments against animal experimentation.

To put animals in zoos is another reflection of our wrongful attitude towards nature.

We have superior powers over most animals. 

We are on top of the food chain. 

We can choose to treat animals as equals. 

Wild animals are valuable to the ecosystem.

Wild animals have an inherent right to exist.

Art.

Art may be the highest form of enjoyment. It addresses our psychological, mental, and spiritual needs.

Art is a reflection of the real world.

Basic problems should be tackled first before we take on the lofty undertaking of art.

Many leaders of government always go into raptures at the mere mention of artistic and cultural projects. They are forever talking about the nice parks, the smart sculptures in the central city, and the art galleries with various valuable rarities. Nothing, they maintain, is more essential than such projects in economic growth.

The arts are not among the core subject areas at school.

The decline in creativity can be partly attributed to modern ways of entertainment.

The material wealth generated by science and technology often pales against the peace of mind brought by art or literature.

Those who are in favor of artistic and cultural projects advocate that the cultural environment will attract more tourists, which will bring huge profits to local residents. Some people even equate the building of such projects with the improvement of economic construction.

Barchart.

Their rate rose approximately 30 percentage points.

The data indicates that the country with a more developed economy has a higher proportion of workers in the service sector than in the agricultural sector.

Approximately six out of ten people work in the service sector, the figure doubling the percentage of population employed in industry.

The lowest percentage of employees work in industry, with 10%.

Exactly half of the people find their jobs in the service sector. 

London experienced by far the greatest changes in house prices over the 13-year period.

The cost of average homes in Tokyo and London dropped by around 7%, while New York house prices went down by 5%.

London house prices jumped to around 12% above the 1989 average.

The cost of an average home in Madrid rose by a further 2%, while prices in Frankfurt remained stable.

It is clear that the USA is by far the most successful Olympic medal-winning nation. It is also noticeable that the figures for gold, silver and bronze medals won by any particular country tend to be fairly similar.

All with similar proportions of each medal colour.

These figures were nearly three times as high as those for the second highest category, bus services.

With a noticeably larger proportion of people aged under 20.

On the other hand, had a significantly larger percentage of elderly inhabitants.

Close to 14% of people were aged 5 or under, and each five-year age bracket above this contained an increasingly smaller proportion of the population.

Somewhere between 10% and 15% of all French people were aged 70 or older, but the equivalent figure for India was only 2%.

Looking more closely at gender, there was a noticeably higher proportion of French women than men in every cohort from age 50 upwards.

It is clear that British people spent significantly more money than people in the other three countries on all six goods.

which is the highest figure shown on the chart.