Climate Change.

Climate change is a significant problem that has a damaging effect on the planet and its inhabitants.

If instead of taking the above measures we simply try to live with climate change, I believe that the consequences will be disastrous. 

Preventing climate change can help maintain the natural balance of the environment.

Relying on the strategy of living with climate change could prove costly in the long run.

There are various measures that governments and individuals could take to prevent, or at least mitigate climate change.

Energy.

Drilling and fracking in untouched places can lead to the destruction of natural habitats and disrupt local ecosystems.

Exploiting natural resources in remote or untouched areas can lead to habitat degradation and biodiversity loss, both of which can have significant impacts on local ecosystems.

Exploring new sources of oil and gas in regions, that have not been explored before, provides a new source of energy that can meet the increasing demands of modern society. 

Exploring remote and untouched areas can bring about many advantages.

Solar power can serve as a better move toward the solution to the problem of the energy crisis.

The environmental risk posed by drilling and extracting oil and gas.

The exploitation of untapped reserves can be seen as beneficial for the global economy.

The extraction and transportation of these resources can result in environmental pollution and harmful greenhouse gas emissions, contributing to climate change.

The potential risk of accidents and spills associated with exploiting natural resources in remote and untouched areas.

The pursuit of oil and gas in remote regions often leads to political instability and conflict.

The risk of oil spills poses a significant threat to the ecosystem and local communities.

Environment.

Advertisers encourage us to buy the newest fashions.

Afforestation can help to improve air quality, which can reduce the risk of suffering health problems such as respiratory diseases.

Air freight is likely to create enormous greenhouse gases.

At a time when technology means ever more harmful carbon in the air we breathe, we need these forests now more than ever.

Companies should make goods that last longer.

Consumers should avoid buying over-packaged products.

Environmental experts point out that increasing pollution not only causes serious problems such as global warming but also could threaten to end human life on our planet.

Environmental protection won't stand in the way of our pursuit of a really better life.

Factories and vehicles produce emissions and exhaust fumes.

Gases such as carbon dioxide trap heat from the sun which causes global temperatures to rise.

Global warming will have a significant impact on our planet.

Government campaigns should promote recycling.

Governments could certainly make more effort to reduce air pollution. 

Governments could introduce laws to limit emissions from factories.

Governments should be stricter about waste produced by companies.

Governments should put legal limits on packaging.

Households can use several rubbish bins to separate waste. 

Human activity is a major factor in the rise of the greenhouse gases.

Individuals should also take responsibility for the impact they have on the environment. 

Individuals should also try to be greener. 

Insufficient funding is another challenge that undermines effective environmental solutions.

Intensive farming can pose a threat to biodiversity.

It is true that many people today have chosen to go green and cut down on the use of energy.

It is universally acknowledged that trees are indispensable to us.

Many developing countries are becoming industrialized.

Most environmental degradation is attributed to human activities.

Natural areas and wild animals should be protected.

Noise pollution has imposed a serious threat on people's health and life these days, thus controlling noise-makers in a strict way is for everyone's well-being.

Our environment still be in a dire state.

Packaging is an important part of selling. Most foods are sold in non-biodegradable plastic packaging.

People do not think about the consequences of dropping rubbish. They assume that somebody is paid to clean the streets.

People should be educated to increase their environmental awareness.

Plastic packaging does not break down easily.

Pollution poses a great threat to our existence.

Rapid population growth in urban areas is also responsible for the increase in garbage.

Recycling saves energy and raw materials.

Rising temperatures will cause the melting of the polar ice caps and sea levels will rise.

Small lifestyle changes can make a huge difference and reduce the environmental impact of our daily activities.

Similarly, customers also have a role to play, by showing greater interest towards items in simple packing.

Since many people today equate with superior packaging, companies would not often take the risk of reducing it for fear of losing their market share.

Some animals have died out because of illegal hunting.

Sometimes, it is difficult to evaluate the environmental cost of human activities.

The amount of household waste is growing. This waste ends up in landfill sites.

the amount of packaging also indicates the need to ensure the durability, safety, and freshness of products.

The amount of waste we produce has increased. This problem is a result of our consumer culture. Products are not made to last. If something breaks, we throw it away and buy a new one.

The emissions from vehicles and planes can cause air pollution.

The greater the population there is in a locality, the greater the need there is for water, transportation, and disposal of refuse.

The increasing world population is putting pressure on natural resources. Fossil fuels like oil and gas are running out.

The invention of electric vehicles is part of our effort to sustain the environment.

The lack of awareness and individual responsibility is one reason why environmental solutions are ineffective.

The problem is compounded by the poor efforts we made at recycling. 

The rapid population expansion is the main reason for the huge accumulation of waste.

The reason why environmental solutions remain ineffective is the disconnection between science and policy.

The reason why we have to grow trees is that they can supply fresh air for us.

The throw-away society, as some call it, is mainly the result of technological development and our change of attitude. 

The time spent in a kindergarten also makes educational sense.

There are collection banks for glass, paper, and plastic bottles.

There is every sign that the environment must be sacrificed to some extent for the sake of the world economy.

There is no denying the fact that air pollution is an extremely serious problem: the city authorities should take strong measures to deal with it.

They should not use so much packaging.

Two of the biggest threats to the environment are air pollution and waste.

We are destroying wildlife habitats. 

We are paying through the nose in terms of environmental damage for the conveniences we enjoy nowadays.

We need to curb the frantic pace of development in order to protect the environment and ironically to improve the quality of life.

We should recycle and reuse useful materials.

We should spare no effort to beautify our environment.

We will find it difficult to preserve biodiversity in the coming decades.

Hunger.

Climate change also plays a critical role in perpetuating hunger.

Extreme weather events such as droughts, floods, and hurricanes can devastate crops and reduce agricultural yields.

One major reason for ongoing hunger is poverty.

Water.

A water crisis could lead to political conflicts or even wars.

As populations grow, there is more pressure on water supplies.

Companies should not be able to make a profit from water. It is unethical to make money by selling packaged water.

Drinking water is not contaminated by sewage or wastewater.

Huge amounts of water are needed for agriculture and industry.

If water is free, people take it for granted.

If we have to pay for water, we will use it more responsibly.

Money from taxes can be used to pay for water supply systems.

Poor water quality is a major cause of disease and death in some countries.

Private companies should not be allowed to profit from this natural resource.

Some people believe that water should be free for everyone.

Some people carry bottles of water wherever they go.

The supply of clean water would improve public health in many developing countries.

The supply of water is also an important political issue.

Urban life would be impossible without water supply systems.

Water is a necessary natural resource.

Water is becoming scarce in some countries.

Water supply systems are extremely expensive.

Water usually needs to be treated before we can drink it.

We should consume less bottled water, plastic water bottles add to litter and waste problems.

Weather.

Summer is sultry.
