Internet.

Another drawback is the lack of face-to-face interaction.

Criminals increasingly use the Internet to steal people's money.

Getting news from the internet can create information bubbles, where people only read news that supports their opinions, leading to confirmation bias.

It has revolutionized communication. We can keep in touch by email or instant messenger services. Video messaging is becoming common for business meetings.

No invention has received more praise and abuse than the Internet.

Online shopping has become a normal part of people's everyday life.

Parents find it difficult to control what their children see online. They do not always know who their children are chatting to.

Shops and other services are now available online. People can buy goods and services from the comfort of their homes.

The advent of the Internet opens up the possibility of communicating and interacting via the computer.

The Internet has democratized news access.

The Internet is starting to replace other forms of entertainment.

There are many advantages to using the Internet. It gives us instant access to information on almost any subject.

With so many websites it is difficult to search for good information. Many websites contain offensive content. Some sites show violent or sexual images.

Language.

As an alternative to English, a new global language could be invented. It would have no nationality or culture attached to it. This could help to promote international peace and understanding. Esperanto is an example of a language that was invented with this aim.

As that of dinosaurs, the extinction of certain languages is just as lamentable. As a language dies out, the door to a unique history, culture and beauty is closed. The world becomes much duller as a result.

English is widely used around the world. It is becoming a global second language. It is the dominant language of technology, science and international business. The ability to speak English is a necessary skill in the modern world.

Even if machine translation were able to eradicate all the language barriers between people, would there be no point in learning foreign languages? By no means.

If one language is dominant, other languages may disappear.

International business meetings are regularly held in English. The most important textbooks and journals are published in English.

It will be good news for school children when they are told that foreign language is no longer a required subject because translation can all be done by machines. 

Languages are not only tools for communication but also a reflection of the people who speak them.

Long before children are able to speak or understand a language, they communicate through facial expressions and by making noises.

Mastery of a second language is essential for personal growth since it opens the door to understanding different cultures and new perspectives.

The beauty of a language is what fascinates the students.

The dominant language brings its own culture. American culture has become popular around the world, and other cultures may be damaged.

The loss is regrettable because languages are closely linked to people's ways of thinking. 

Library.

Libraries offer access to materials that are not available online.

Libraries serve as a centre for academic community building.