BarChart.

Their rate rose approximately 30 percentage points.

The data indicates that the country with a more developed economy has a higher proportion of workers in the service sector than in the agricultural sector.

Approximately six out of ten people work in the service sector, the figure doubling the percentage of the population employed in industry.

The lowest percentage of employees work in industry, with 10%.

Exactly half of the people find their jobs in the service sector. 

London experienced by far the greatest changes in house prices over the 13-year period.

The cost of average homes in Tokyo and London dropped by around 7%, while New York house prices went down by 5%.

London house prices jumped to around 12% above the 1989 average.

The cost of an average home in Madrid rose by a further 2%, while prices in Frankfurt remained stable.

It is clear that the USA is by far the most successful Olympic medal-winning nation. It is also noticeable that the figures for gold, silver and bronze medals won by any particular country tend to be fairly similar.

All with similar proportions of each medal color.

These figures were nearly three times as high as those for the second highest category, bus services.

With a noticeably larger proportion of people aged under 20.

On the other hand, had a significantly larger percentage of elderly inhabitants.

Close to 14% of people were aged 5 or under, and each five-year age bracket above this contained an increasingly smaller proportion of the population.

Somewhere between 10% and 15% of all French people were aged 70 or older, but the equivalent figure for India was only 2%.

Looking more closely at gender, there was a noticeably higher proportion of French women than men in every cohort from age 50 upwards.

It is clear that British people spent significantly more money than people in the other three countries on all six goods.

which is the highest figure shown on the chart.

Line Graph.

The average global oil price was close to $25 per barrel, and the food price index stood at just under 90 points.

The average oil price had more than doubled, to nearly $60 per barrel, and food prices had risen by around 50 points.

A dramatic increase in both commodity prices was seen from 2007 to 2008, with oil prices reaching a peak of approximately $130 per barrel and the food price index rising to 220 points.

However, by the beginning of 2009, the price of oil had dropped by roughly $90, and the food price index was down by about 80 points.

The average oil price rose once again, to nearly $100 per barrel, while the food price index reached its peak, at almost 240 points.

The proportions of elderly people in the USA and Sweden rose gradually over the next 50 years, reaching just under 15% in 1990. By contrast, the figures for Japan remained below 5% until the early 2000s.

A sudden increase in the percentage of elderly people is predicted for Japan, with a jump of over 15% in just 10 years from 2030 to 2040.

The figures for Sweden and the USA will be slightly lower, at about 25% and 23% respectively.

Over the following 5 years, the waste output of companies B and C rose by around 2 tonnes, but the figure for company A fell by approximately 1 tonne.

From 2005 to 2015, Company A cut waste production by roughly 3 tonnes, and Company B reduced its waste by around 7 tonnes.

By contrast, company C saw an increase in waste production of approximately 4 tonnes over the same 10-year period.

By 2015, Company C's waste output had risen to 10 tonnes, while the respective amounts of waste from companies A and B had dropped to 8 tonnes and only 3 tonnes.

Mixed Charts.

It is noticeable that monthly figures for precipitation in Kolkata vary considerably, whereas monthly temperatures remain relatively stable.

Between the months of January and May, average temperatures in Kolkata rise from their lowest point at around 20℃ to a peak of just over 30℃.

While temperatures stay roughly the same for the next four months, the amount of rainfall more than doubles between May and June.

Overall, females made up a higher proportion of people living alone than males, and this difference is particularly noticeable in the older age categories.

A significant majority of the people aged 65 or over who were living alone in England in 2011 were female.

Under 7% of single-occupant homes had four or more bedrooms.

Both immigration and emigration rates rose over the period shown, but the figures for immigration were significantly higher. 

After 2004, the rate of immigration remained high, but the number of people emigrating fluctuated.

We can also see that water consumption was considerably higher in Brazil than in the Congo.