Advertisement.

Advertisements inform us about the choices we have.

Advertisements often withhold the truth from the public.

Advertisers often aim their marketing at children.

Advertising adds to the anxiety of the young by telling them all kinds of problems they are to have if they don't use certain products or services.

Advertising aimed at children should be controlled or even banned

Advertising creates new desires and needs. It persuades us to buy the latest styles.

Advertising is a creative industry that employs many people; it's a form of modern art.

Advertising is a key part of modern business.

Advertising is necessary in free market economies. It creates demand for products.

Advertising is ubiquitous.

Advertising manipulates people.

Advertising needs to be strictly regulated and restricted because the strategies employed in advertising are becoming increasingly insidious and vicious.

Advertisers focus on selling a brand image.

Advertising should be regulated.

Adverts must be truthful or banned altogether.

Children can easily be influenced by advertisements.

Global advertising encourages everyone to buy the same products.

I believe that there is a direct link between fast food advertisements and rising levels of obesity.

In order to sell more products, advertisements are designed with no concern for the truth.

In some countries, it is illegal to advertise cigarettes on television.

It is necessary to put restrictions on those advertisements which encourage people to buy more than they need.

Most adverts advocate an unhealthy way of life.

This is commonly believed that companies that have a monopoly in the market should not invest in advertisements.

Without advertising there would be higher unemployment.

Without advertising, we would have less choice.

Business.

Companies should provide working mothers with maternity leave and other forms of support. 

Making products that are long-lasting is more ethical and environmentally sustainable.

Many companies prefer a "change of blood" from time to time to maintain their competitiveness and vitality.

Running an organization in today's world can be a daunting task because competition is stiff and technology is developing rapidly.

Some people argue that making cheap products is more important since it makes goods more affordable and accessible to a broader range of people.

The economic slowdown has led to a climbing unemployment rate.

There are those who argue that producing cheap goods is more beneficial.

Those who believe that products should be made to last argue that durable products reduce waste, save resources, and are more sustainable.

To counter the undesirable effects of rigid administration, emotional investment is advanced as another better course to success in business.

While there are benefits to both sides, prioritizing durability over cheapness is preferable.

Consume.

Consumerism creates a "throw-away" culture.

Consumerism creates employment.

Consumerist societies create more waste.

Noted brands offer goods of better quality in comparison with small brands.

People nowadays want to show off their social status or their wealth.

We live in a global economy and we could have a better quality of life.

Economic.

A country's economic development relies on a supply of young workers.

A healthy economy needs a wide range of workers.

Among the factors contributing to real success, a booming economy is an inconsequential one.

Because of the uncertainty about the economic outlook, many companies are unlikely to recruit new employees.

Fake and inferior commodities harm the interests of consumers.

Greed for money often robs people of their humanity.

In the consumer society, bare necessities are not able to satisfy people's needs.

Money can be used for cleanup operations which can help create a pleasant environment.

One of the evident benefits of giving money to teenagers is that they will have the capability of standing up on their own.

Opening new branches in developing countries can reduce the cost of production and generate huge profits.

Rural areas provide people with opportunities to escape the pressures and noises of modern life.

The increase in demand caused the rise in prices.

There are some economically deprived communities in large cities.

There is a growing tendency these days for many people who live in rural areas to come into and work in the city.

There is very little evidence that big companies are willing to invest a huge sum of money in a place without sufficient basic projects, such as supplies of electricity and water.

With the development of our national economy, all these problems will certainly be solved step by step.

Globalization.

A global economy means free trade between countries.

Business is becoming increasingly international.

Companies sometimes exploit their employees in developing countries.

Cultural globalization has brought about increased cultural awareness. 

Cultural globalization poses a risk to the loss of cultural identity.

Employees cannot be confident that they have stable jobs.

Global trade creates more waste and pollution.

Globalization can also create opportunities for employment.

Globalization could create new business opportunities and markets.

Globalization has also given many people the opportunity to share and showcase their cultural heritage.

Globalization is not always beneficial to everyone.

Globalization may also help developed countries.

Governments and charities can help by building new houses and schools.

Governments should impose laws to protect the environment.

Immigration is the factor of utmost importance, which has led to the global surge in economic development.

It is true that globalization can have negative effects on cultural identity.

Many people emigrate to find work in richer countries.

Multi-national companies are creating jobs in developing countries.

Multi-national companies do business across the world.

Multiculturalism can encourage the exchange of cultural practices and facilitate communication between nations.

Not every country has enough natural and capital resources for effective development.

The best form of help for developing countries is development aid.

The positive outcomes of cross-cultural activities and international trade are immense.

There should be global regulations for salaries and working conditions.

Money.

I agree that money is necessary in order for people to meet their basic needs.

I believe from money, no one can buy happiness or gain happiness

It is true that because of money, people can live their lives by having anything which they want.

When people have more money, they tend to do a lot of experiments and try to be more social.

Shopping.

Apart from stealing our time, shopping has a more insidious effect.

People start to envy those rich enough to enjoy luxuries and making money becomes their primary goal.

Shopping advocates a luxurious lifestyle.

Shopping is no longer something we do because we need something, but a recreation, and end in itself.

Shopping for its own sake is a waste of both time and money.

Wealth.

We should return to traditional values like sharing.

Wealth does not lead to happiness.




