Equality.

An egalitarian society is one in which everyone has the same rights and the same opportunities.

Equal job opportunity for both sexes is not so much desirable as unavoidable.

Equal rights advocates are hailing the fact that more jobs are opening to both men and women.

Equality is a main factor in measuring a nation's success.

I would argue that equal rights and opportunities are not in conflict with people's freedom to succeed or fail.

Gender.

A mixed-sex environment is more representative of real life.

Boys and girls may learn in different ways and have different needs.

Discipline problems might be avoided by separating boys and girls.

Free from the burden of co-existing harmoniously with the opposite sex, boys and girls often turn their attention to scholarly pursuits.

Gender should be irrelevant in education.

It is unhealthy in terms of children's social development.

It is wrong to discriminate against students because of their gender.

Males and females should be accepted onto courses according to their abilities.

Many coeducational schools are extremely successful.

Men and women should have access to the same educational opportunities.

Men and women should have access to the same professional opportunities.

Separating boys and girls is unnecessary.

Some people believe that male and female students should go to separate schools.

Student's achievements should depend on hard work and individual merit.

Students at single-sex schools often get better exam grades.

Though equal, men and women have different roles in society.

Traditional gender roles are gradually changing.

Traditionally, women have been restricted to certain roles.

Globalization.

A global economy means free trade between countries.

Business is becoming increasingly international.

Companies sometimes exploit their employees in developing countries.

Cultural globalization has brought about increased cultural awareness. 

Cultural globalization poses a risk to the loss of cultural identity.

Employees cannot be confident that they have stable jobs.

Global trade creates more waste and pollution.

Globalization can also create opportunities for employment.

Globalization could create new business opportunities and markets.

Globalization has also given many people the opportunity to share and showcase their cultural heritage.

Globalization is not always beneficial to everyone.

Globalization may also help developed countries.

Governments and charities can help by building new houses and schools.

Governments should impose laws to protect the environment.

Immigration is the factor of utmost importance, which has led to the global surge in economic development.

It is true that globalization can have negative effects on cultural identity.

Many people emigrate to find work in richer countries.

Multi-national companies are creating jobs in developing countries.

Multi-national companies do business across the world.

Multiculturalism can encourage the exchange of cultural practices and facilitate communication between nations.

Not every country has enough natural and capital resources for effective development.

The best form of help for developing countries is development aid.

The positive outcomes of cross-cultural activities and international trade are immense.

There should be global regulations for salaries and working conditions.

Policy.

Adequate grants and scholarships should be set aside to alleviate the financial burdens of those underprivileged students.

Any government that is blind to this point will pay a heavy price.

Authorities should censor those news reports that give an exaggerated account of some social problems.

Better planning could make the best use of existing roads without further encroachment on the already scarce parks, gardens, or squares.

Budget cuts make it difficult for many young people to receive a college education.

Building apartment blocks helps solve overcrowding in cities.

Financial support should be granted to those with real potential.

Government grants could encourage more students to take postgraduate courses.

Governments are also responsible for the security and well-being of their citizens.

Governments can create jobs.

Governments can influence people's habits and opinions.

Governments can introduce new laws.

Governments can impose taxes. Governments raise money by taxing working people.

Governments can provide resources for schools.

Governments can regulate the activities of companies such as banks.

Governments control armed forces and police forces.

Governments have a significant role to play in reducing obesity.

Governments need to provide vocational courses and retraining.

Governments provide public services like healthcare and education.

Governments should ban dangerous sports and maintain that the physical harm caused by these activities far outweighs any benefits derived from them.

Governments should introduce laws to protect natural environments and local cultures.

Governments should offer some cities funds to preserve historic buildings.

Governments should promote a healthy diet and regular exercise. 

Governments support people who are living in poverty or unable to work.

I believe that governments should try to preserve languages that are less widely spoken.

It is desirable to build more hospitals, shopping centers, recreation centers, cinemas, and other public facilities to meet the growing needs of people.

It is suggested that governments ought to make efforts to reduce the increasing gap between cities and the countryside. 

Much needs to be done by the government to help this disadvantaged group.

Peace and development is certainly the theme of this century.

Priority should be given to assisting the poor both at home and abroad rather than national defense.

Some people hold the government accountable for this issue.

Tax reductions are beneficial to those who live on a tight budget.

The government should be responsible for ensuring that children have access to healthy food choices, such as vegetables and fruits, at school canteens.

The government should give priority to welfare services, especially healthcare.

The top priority for deprived countries is to satisfy citizens' basic needs. 

Those urban planners who are blind to this point will pay a heavy price, which they cannot afford it.

Public service.

Building railway lines creates a huge market for the local business.

Free education and healthcare may be provided by the state.

Governments pay the salaries of public sector workers like police officers and teachers, and the necessary money is raised by taxing people's income.

It is a relatively more economical way to improve the overall transport system.

Other people think that essential services should be free, and governments should pay for them.

Some governments control public transport systems and even TV channels.

Some people believe that competition between private companies is good.

Social.

Apart from elements making an ideal society, much effort has to be taken to fulfill this dream.s

Good social skills are an advantage that facilitates employees's jobs such as shortening time to complete work, facilitating processes, and achieving superior results.

It is indisputable that there are millions of people who still have a miserable life and have to face the dangers of starvation and exposure.

It would be difficult to create a happy, prosperous society.

Many people argue that highly qualified employees still greatly perform their jobs without good social skills such as engineers, scientists, adventurers, and astronomers.

Racial discrimination remains a serious problem.

Rich as our country is, the qualities of our living are by no means satisfactory.

Several aspects should be taken into consideration in the way to build a perfect society.

Society as a whole also experiences this kind of mixed blessing.

The aging population has prompted countries to raise the statutory retirement age.


