Surveillance.

The authorities could build databases with our pictures and identities. We should not be treated like criminals.

Video cameras are supposed to protect us and deter criminals, but many people think that this surveillance violates our privacy.

Video cameras have been installed in many public places. The use of CCTV is becoming widespread.

Shopping.

Apart from stealing our time, shopping has a more insidious effect. It advocates a luxurious lifestyle.

People start to envy those rich enough to enjoy luxuries and making money becomes their primary goal.

Shopping advocates a luxurious lifestyle.

Shopping is no longer something we do because we need something, but a recreation, and end in itself.

Shopping for its own sake is a waste of both time and money.

Sport.

By participating in team sports, we learn to work with others.

Children are undergoing fast physical development; lack of physical exercise may have a disastrous influence on their later lives.

In daily life we compete to get jobs or the highest grades, because competition is a natural instinct in humans.

Individual sports can be more freedom which means the person can make whatever effort they want and there are no team members to be concerned about.

It is also argued that professional athletes as a group are paid too much and the exceptionally high salaries for top athletes cannot be justified. 

It is generally agreed that its chronic poor performance is more due to its collective strategy than the skills of individual players.

It seems undeniable that compared to an individual sport, a group sport requires collaboration between participants, players should work as a team to share the responsibilities, take into account opportunities, and choose others, so the qualities as cooperation and coordination are of the essence to achieve maximum synergy.

Like art, sport is a good way to train ourselves psychologically as well as physically.	

Many experts point out that physical exercise contributes directly to a person's physical fitness.

Money is necessary to improve facilities and train athletes.

Most people nowadays lead a sedentary lifestyle. We tend to walk less and do desk jobs. Most adults relax by watching television. Children play video games rather than doing outdoor sports.

On the contrary, those games are conducive to cooperation and progress.

Physical exertion is conducive to our health.

Playing a sport within a team can achieve the best result and support each team member.

Professional sports are the same as any other business, and many people are employed in the sports industry. Sports stars entertain millions of people. People should be able to use their talents to earn a salary.

Proponents of the idea that the government should ban dangerous sports maintain that the physical harm caused by these activities far outweighs any benefits derived from them.

Regular exercise is essential in maintaining a healthy body. Doctors advise exercising at least three times a week for 20 minutes. Exercise burns calories and helps to build healthy bones and muscles.

Since the examination is around the corner, I am compelled to give up doing sports.

Solo sports also bring a number of benefits allow to cultivate and maximalize their personal capacity.

Some people think that sport and politics should remain separate.

Sport has become a business. Professional sport encourages people to compete for money. Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame, and some athletes take drugs in order to win at any cost. 

Sport is a character builder.

Sports and other school activities can be designed to give children a sense of accomplishment and to promote their well-being.

Sports are a safe form of competition. Competition is healthy because it pushes us to give our best. Competitors and fans can release energy and aggression. Supporters of teams feel a sense of belonging to a community.

Sports should be leisure activities rather than jobs, and people should do sporting activities for enjoyment and health reasons. Taking part is more important than winning. All sports should be amateur.

The claim that sports lead to competition rather than cooperation is only a lame argument.

The government has the duty to enforce regulations if necessary to safeguard human lives.

The level of professional sports is much higher than that of amateur sports.

Those who advocate for complete freedom believe that individuals should have the right to participate in any activities they choose, provided they do not harm anyone else.
