Communication.

Both the free sharing of information and the protection of sensitive data are important

Communication and isolation must not be defined in a narrow sense.

Communication is made easy by technology, which promises infinite possibilities ahead.

Community service provides offenders with opportunities to acquire transferable skills.

Commuting time has been prolonged because of traffic congestion.

Evaluation and criticism are themselves effective forms of communication.

Open access to data and findings allows researchers to build on each other's work, accelerating discoveries and technological advancements

People need to improve their relationships with others around them.

Proponents of free information sharing argue that it fosters innovation and progress.

Some information is deemed too sensitive or valuable to be shared without restrictions.

Unrestricted access to sensitive information can lead to misuse or ethical concerns.

We should not ignore face-to-face communication.

While the free exchange of information has numerous benefits, it is crucial to implement safeguards for sensitive data.

Young people should be encouraged to communicate with their peers and develop their interpersonal skills.

Competition.

A sense of competition can certainly bring about improvement.

Competition is a natural instinct in humans.

Competition is healthy because it pushes us to give our best.

The total synergy of a team is far more important than the strength of an individual player.

When it comes to an effective remedy for the weaknesses in competition, people naturally think of cooperation.

The urge to improve provided by competition is based on personal gratification.

Without competition, they will lose their drive to better themselves.

Cooperation.

Besides, compared to competition, cooperation gives a greater impetus to progress.

Cooperation is essential to success.

Cooperation is grounded on one's devotion to a common goal.

Success is not achieved by defeating others but by improving ourselves.

Failure.

People differ in their attitudes towards failure.

Stress.

Children may be affected by their parents' relationship problems.

Psychologists can offer emotional support to patients, and they can help them to cope with stress.

Stress can be reduced by taking regular exercise and eating a healthy diet.

Tests and exams can also cause stress.

The relationship with one's fellow human being also adds to one's stress.

Modern lifestyles are increasingly stressful.

Unemployment is a major cause of stress.

Success.

A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm.

Behind every successful man, there are a lot of unsuccessful years.

Being successful means achieving personal or professional goals.

Experience shows that success is due less to ability than to zeal.

Millionaires like Bill Gates are considered to be successful.

People define success in different ways.

Success in any field requires long-term planning and effort.

Success is defined by wealth or status.

They see success as the result of hard work.

We often think of rich and famous people as being successful in life. 