Alien.

Supports believed that not only people's everyday lives but also the future of the human race will therefore benefit from launching alien projects. 

To begin with, searching for life on other space bodies could be a contingent plan in the worst case because of the increasing risk to life on Earth.

Computer.

A Computer is the most efficient if one wants to search for something that happened two weeks ago.

A computer provides access to a wealth of information.

Additionally, the computer illiterate will encounter problems in daily life. 

Computer skills can be applied in their studies as well as their working lives.

Computer technology gives people opportunities to communicate with each other.

Computer training should be made compulsory and free of charge for the students and enough training centers should be set up to provide low-cost training for adults.

Computers help to prevent isolation by bringing every possible field of interest onto the screen.

It is widely acknowledged that computers and other machines have become an indispensable part of our society.

No winder computer skills are now taken for granted by employers just as the ability to read and write.

Our mode of communication is forever changing and computers represent the latest way of communication.

People believe that computer skills will enhance their job opportunities or promotion opportunities.

People equate success in life with the ability to operate the computer.

Thanks to the development of the computer and the Internet, distance learning has been made available to most people.

The Computer is the most efficient if one wants to search for something that happened two weeks ago.

The ignorance of computers severely curtails your chances for personal development.

The impact of computers on communication skills varies across ages.

Without adequate computer skills, finding employment may prove increasingly challenging.

Internet.

Another drawback is the lack of face-to-face interaction.

Criminals increasingly use the Internet to steal people's money.

Getting news from the internet can create information bubbles, where people only read news that supports their opinions, leading to confirmation bias.

It has revolutionized communication.

Many websites contain offensive content.

No invention has received more praise and abuse than the Internet.

Online shopping has become a normal part of people's everyday life.

Parents find it difficult to control what their children see online.

Shops and other services are now available online.

Some sites show violent or sexual images.

The advent of the Internet opens up the possibility of communicating and interacting via the computer.

The Internet has democratized news access.

The Internet is starting to replace other forms of entertainment.

There are many advantages to using the Internet.

With so many websites it is difficult to search for good information.

Mobile Phone.

Mobile phones are a popular target for thieves.

Mobile phones can also be a dangerous distraction.

Mobile phones can be a problem in some public places. 

Mobile phones have revolutionized the way we communicate.

Mobile phones may also interfere with electronic equipment.

Mobiles have also become fashion accessories.

Ringing phones cause disturbance in cinemas and school lessons.

The mobile phone is the most popular gadget in today's world.

Using a phone while driving reduces the driver's concentration.

Nuclear.

A nuclear war between two countries would destroy both countries.

Fossil fuels like oil and gas are running out.

Governments should limit the production of nuclear weapons.

It is safer to produce energy from solar, wind, or water power.

Nuclear can be used to produce electricity without wasting natural resources.

Nuclear could help to reduce carbon emissions that cause global warming.

Nuclear could replace the use of natural resources like coal, oil, or gas.

Nuclear power is a sustainable energy source.

Nuclear power stations are cleaner than fossil fuel power stations.

Nuclear waste disposal is a significant problem.

Nuclear weapons should be prohibited.

Nuclear weapons are capable of destroying whole cities.

Nuclear weapons are used as a deterrent, so they can prevent wars from starting.

Nuclear weapons cannot be used against terrorist organizations.

Opponents of nuclear power worry about the safety of power stations.

People worry that terrorists could steal radioactive materials.

There is a danger of nuclear weapons being obtained by terrorists.

There is currently no way to decontaminate radioactive material.

There are several benefits to building more nuclear power stations.

Science And Technology.

Advances in medical technology have made it possible for people to live longer than in the past.

At present, most technological developments only aim to address our physical needs. In fact, our mental and spiritual lives need more attention.

Computer-aided translation is far from doing a satisfactory job at the present stage of development. 

Entertainment has undergone enormous changes since the advent of modern science and technology.

Genetic engineering allows people to nurture crop varieties.

Having tasted the wonders of advanced technologies, we cannot do without them.

In a larger sense, all subjects are vital to human progress.

Internet, fax, and mobile phone technologies have revolutionized working life.

It is true that new technologies have had an influence on communication between people.

It must be admitted that books are increasingly being replaced by other types of storage devices.

It must be realized that in the process of solving problems, scientists also create problems, the solutions of which are often beyond their reach.

Machine translation has encountered seemingly insurmountable obstacles when dealing with written language.

Many values of traditional technology are out of date and should be replaced by modern science.

Modern technology has allowed rich people to accumulate wealth more easily.

Natural science and social science are both employed in our everlasting quest toward a total understanding of the world, neither of which can be discarded.

New technologies can be very alluring.

No one can deny the basic fact that it is impossible for average workers to master those high-technology skills easily.

Now the public is benefiting more and more from scientific and technological inventions.

Nuclear technology is a two-edged weapon.

On the individual side, technical advances brought unprecedented conveniences but also certain problems.

Our society has dramatically changed by modern science and technology, and humans have made extraordinary progress in knowledge and technology over the recent decades.

People in the 21st century have advanced social mobility and personal freedom.

Robots are not different from other human inventions, which are never perfect.

Some people disapprove of genetically modified food.

Technology allows people to work from home.

Technology can connect workers in different countries.

Technology has had an impact on relationships in business, education, and social life.

Technology itself is amoral. It can either serve or cut us. How we use it depends on ourselves.

Technological advancements have made it possible for people to work from any location while earning a decent paycheck.

Thanks to science, mankind keeps making progress both materially and spiritually.

The internet and other digital innovations have made the world a more connected and convenient place.

The investment in space technology should be supported by the government.

The level of access to education, healthcare, and technology has improved significantly in the 21st century compared to previous centuries.

The maintenance of traditional technology and methods is futile.

The progress of science and technology is bringing us a lot of trouble.

The world is now more interconnected than ever before, and people have access to vast resources and knowledge.

There are limits and scientists are not omnipotent.

Though exhilarating, changes can sometimes overwhelm us.

Thus in many fields, science and technology are far from providing perfect solutions.

Time and again, science and technology have created wonders and even miracles, thus fortifying our belief in it.

Time will prove that traditional technology and methods will die out with the development of modern science and technology.

To achieve personal growth and success, one needs in-depth knowledge of a certain discipline.

Under the onslaught of technological progress, books seem increasingly outdated.

What is even more important is that the scientific method is transforming our ways of thinking.

While all subjects contribute to the progress of mankind, science should get the most credit.

Without a doubt, social science, such as philosophy, language, and economics, is of great importance to civilization.

Workers can communicate via email, online networks, and video conferencing.
