Economic.

A country's economic development relies on a supply of young workers.

As for me, with the development of our national economy, all these problems will certainly be solved step by step.

As is known to all, fake and inferior commodities harm the interests of consumers.

Because of the uncertainty about the economic outlook, many companies are unlikely to recruit new employees.

Giving money to teenagers who just enter society and are prone to dangerous activities can be a way of spoiling them.

Greed for money often robs people of their humanity.

In the consumer society, bare necessities are not able to satisfy people's needs.

Money can be used for cleanup operations which can help create a pleasant environment.

One of the evident benefits of giving money to teenagers is that they will have the capability of standing up on their own.

Opening new branches in developing countries can reduce the cost of production and generate huge profits.

Rural areas provide people with opportunities to escape the pressures and noises of modern life.

Success is forever pursued by nations as well as individuals. All too often people mistake success for economic success, which is rather deplorable. Among the factors contributing to real success, a booming economy is an inconsequential one.

The increase in demand caused the rise in prices.

There are some economically deprived communities in large cities.

There are two reasons for the improvement in people's living conditions. In the first place, we have been carrying out the reform and opening-up policy. Secondly, there has been a rapid expansion of our national economy. Furthermore, the birth rate has been put under control.

There is a growing tendency these days for many people who live in rural areas to come into and work in the city. This problem has caused wide public concern in most cities all over the world.

There is very little evidence that big companies are willing to invest a huge sum of money in a place without sufficient basic projects, such as supplies of electricity and water.

Education.

A healthy economy needs a wide range of workers. Some manual workers will always be needed.

A university degree is not necessary for many service professions.

A large number of people tend to live under the illusion that they have completed their education when they finished their schooling. Obviously, they seem to fail to take into account the basic fact that a person's education is the most important aspect of his life.

A large number of students in China have to do self-study at night.

Although banned by the Ministry of Education, extra classes are thought to be beneficial by most teachers and parents.

Although parent would be able to devote much more time and energy to their children, it must be admitted that parent has less experience and knowledge about how to educate and supervise children, when compared with professional teachers working in kindergartens or nursery schools.

Although people's lives have dramatically changed over the last decades, it must be admitted that shortage of funds is still one of the biggest questions that students nowadays have to face because tuition fees and the prices of books are soaring by the day.

Although this view is widely held, this is little evidence that education can be obtained at any age and at any place.

An increasing number of people are beginning to realize that education is not complete with graduation.

As for me, I'm in favor of the opinion that education is not complete with graduation, for the following reasons:...

At the present stage of development, distance learning is still inferior to school education.

At the same time, there are still many people who live under the traditional idea that day schools play an extremely important role in children's study.

Bad behavior is due to a lack of structure and discipline. Many disruptive students come from an unstable family background.

By mingling with one another on a daily basis, boys and girls can relinquish the stereotype view about the other sex.

Children need to have access to free schooling. Computer equipment could be donated. The Internet can expose students to a world of knowledge and information.

Children will have less time to play and communicate with their peers due to extra studies, consequently, it is difficult to develop and cultivate their character and interpersonal skills. They may become more solitary and even suffer from certain mental illnesses.

Children will miss out on the social experience that school offers. At school, children learn how to get on with each other. Home-schooled children may lack social skills.

Children with parents whose guidance is firm, consistent, and rational are inclined to possess high levels of self-confidence.

Co-education is usually preferred because it resembles the real world.

Co-education seems the natural mode of education because males and females are not separated in real life unless absolutely necessary.

Computers are expensive to maintain and can be unreliable.

Discipline could be lacking at home. They should take responsibility for their children's behavior.

Discipline problems are avoided by home-schooling.

Due to high tuition fees, most ordinary families cannot afford to send their children to boarding schools.

Economies are becoming increasingly knowledge-based.

Education can bring personal improvement in ways other than scholastic achievement.

Education gives people knowledge and skills. People with qualifications are more likely to find work. They can earn a higher salary. They can contribute positively to society.

Education is a lifelong process, the importance of which can be hardly exaggerated. As things stand now, there is always room for improvement. A well-balanced education will be most conducive to individual and social progress.

Education is the best medicine.

Educating the children is a headache for many young parents.

Education is the first thing we can do to reduce crime as many criminal offences were committed by the poorly educated who didn't realize that they were breaking the law.

Education is the key to improving the economy of these countries. People in developing countries need knowledge and skills.

Education may hold the key to one's job prospects.

Equal access to education can help tackle educational underachievement.

Even the best possible graduate needs to continue learning before she or he becomes an educated person.

Free from the burden of co-existing harmoniously with the opposite sex, boys and girls often turn their attention to scholarly pursuits.

Free university education makes it possible for students from less well-off backgrounds to have equal access to tertiary education.

From a psychological aspect, the majority of children seem to tend to have an unfavorable attitude toward additional educational activities.

From kindergarten to college, students are always grouped together. Indeed, they spend so much time in groups that they long for some private moments. Some students prefer to study in a group, while others would like to study by themselves. It rather depends on the individual.

From what has been discussed above, we may safely draw the conclusion that, although extra studies indeed enjoy many obvious advantages, its disadvantages shouldn't be ignored and far outweigh its advantages. It is absurd to force children to take extra studies after school.

Governments of developed and developing countries must work together. Developed countries could help developing nations by providing money. They could invest in schools and technology. They could supply the funds to build schools and pay for teachers.

Governments should make education compulsory for all children. They should encourage parents to send their children to school.

Group learning can benefit those who are gregarious in nature.

Grouping by ability may have a negative impact on students. Children do not want to be seen as less intelligent than others.

Grouping together students with similar proficiency has its unique appeal. It will be easier to meet the needs of all students since they are similarly inclined.

I am strongly against having extra classes. Indeed I would like students to have fewer classes. Interest is the best teacher. Hardly can interest be fostered by taking extra classes.

If students are not allowed to evaluate or criticize the teacher, it is hard for the teacher to find out what the students think or what they need.

In fact, even for those mothers without career ambition, kindergartens would still be a good choice because most of them are staffed by professional nurses and instructors whose expertise is unmatched by most mothers.

In the first place, extra studies bring about unhealthy impacts on the physical growth of children. Educational experts point out that, it is equally important to take some sports activities instead of extra studies when children have spent the whole day in a boring classroom.

In their efforts to battle against the dark side that examination-oriented education has brought along with it, educators come up with another approach to the problem, namely quality-oriented education.

It is actually hard to decide when a person can be seen as entirely independent. The age may be different for each individual.

It is commonly accepted that no college or university can educate its students by the time they graduate.

It is conceivable that knowledge plays an important role in our life.

It is difficult for students to improve practical skills if schools do not provide work placements.

It is safe to send one's kids to place where they won't be seduced, molested or even assaulted by the other sex.

It is hard to imagine a student focusing their energy on a textbook while other children are playing.

It is indeed never too old to learn.

It is indisputable that boarding schools are exerting a growing important effect, especially in the last few years.

It is not easy to get along with one's parents or kids. It is unwise to be overprotective or overindulgent. As with most things, moderation seems the best policy. Any high-handed approach is likely to breed another generation of tyrannical parents.

It is not the goal of education to provide job training to students. Education aims to improve one's all-round abilities.

It might be argued that it is dangerous to put too much pressure on children. But actually, educational activities are not necessarily associated with pressure or stress.

It might be gathered from the above that each type of school has its strengths and weaknesses. Co-ed school seems a natural choice for many, while single-sex schools may be more suited for some. It rather depends on the individual.

It must be noted that learning must be done by a person himself.

Kindergarten is a good preparation for school.

Kindergartens would be a good choice because most of them are staffed by professional nurses and instructors whose expertise is unmatched by most mothers.

Lagging behind your peers is the most devastating result. 

Learners need a structured course. An experienced teacher knows what materials to choose.

Learning is a life-long process that is not limited to school education.

Learning the times table by rote is not the best way to improve numeracy.

Lifelong education is not an unavoidable chore but a pleasure. Without constant learning, one may easily fall behind the times.

Living alone in an unfamiliar culture can cause homesickness.

Living and studying abroad can be difficult. Students have to find accommodation and pay bills.

Many children are exposed to violent content every day.

Many factories have moved to developing countries.

Many parents believe that additional educational activities enjoy obvious advantages. Through extra studies, they maintain, their children are able to obtain many kinds of practical skills and useful knowledge, which will put them in a beneficial position in the future job markets when they grow up.

Many students want to attend a prestigious university. Foreign institutions may offer better courses. The best universities employ teachers who are experts in their fields.

Many surveys show that people in increasing numbers are beginning to recognize that boarding school provides better environment and facilities for children.

Many young people have chosen to study in English-speaking countries, where they can study at some world-famous universities.

Millions of people have to spend more time and energy studying new skills and technology so that they can keep a favorable position in the job market.

Mixed ability classes encourage everyone to achieve their potential.

Most parents do not have the time to educate their children at home. One parent would need to give up work. Most parents do not have the necessary knowledge or resources.

Most jobs require specific knowledge and skills. Skilled workers are needed for sectors such as information technology and engineering.

No one can deny the fact that a person's education is the most important aspect of his life.

Nothing is more important than to receive education.

Now people in growing numbers are beginning to believe that learning new skills and knowledge contributes directly to enhancing their job opportunities or promotion opportunities.

Nowadays, many students always go into raptures at the mere mention of the coming life of high school or college they will begin. Unfortunately, for most young people, it is not a pleasant experience on their first day on campus.

On no account can we ignore the value of knowledge.

Other parents are too lenient and spoil their children. Some children are used to getting whatever they want. Schools can do very little if they are not supported by parents.

Overseas students are exposed to different cultures and customs. They will learn a foreign language. They are responsible for cooking, cleaning and paying bills. They become more independent.

Parents and teachers should make an effort to limit children's screen time.

Parents are firmly convinced that, sending their child to kindergartens or nursery schools will have an unfavorable influence on the growth of children.

Parents can respond to what their children need and how they learn best. One-to-one lessons allow much faster progress. The child can work at his or her own pace.

Parents should place considerable emphasis on their children to keep the balance between play and study. As an old saying goes: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

Peer pressure is by no means the smallest reason for students' behavior problems.

People rely too much on computers. Technology is no substitute for a real teacher.

People seem to fail to take into account the fact that education does not end with graduation.

Practical training is more important in some industries. In the UK, for example, there is currently a shortage of plumbers. Their services are therefore becoming more and more expensive.

Private tutors are expensive.

Qualifications gained abroad can open the door to better job opportunities. Living abroad can broaden students' horizons.

Repetitive manual jobs are now done by machines.

Schools aim to teach young people moral values such as tolerance and sharing

School authorities should provide far more services to help freshmen get used to the new life as soon as possible.

Schools need a clear code of conduct. Schools need a clear set of rules about behavior. Schools need to create a positive study atmosphere.

Schools need to work closely with parents. Parents must support the school rules.

Schools offer a wide variety of opportunities for students to learn, explore and discover their strengths and interests.

Schools provide opportunities for social engagement and personal development.

School subjects are normally taught by up to ten different teachers. Schools offer a better overall educational experience.

Science and technology is advancing at breathtaking speed.

Since it is unnecessary to consider students' routine life, day school can lay stress on teaching instead of other aspects, such as management of dormitory and cafeteria.

Single-sex school bars the possibility of the much-dreaded puppy love among students.

Single-sex schools have their unique appeals as well. 

Some children are likely to have behavioral problems.

Some families live in isolated areas with poor transport. Other parents are not satisfied with local schools. Some parents decide to educate their children at home.

Some teachers and parents support streaming for these reasons.

Some schools separate students according to their academic ability.

Sooner or later, children need to make decisions on their own.

Streaming could damage students' self-esteem. They may lose motivation.

Students also learn skills that are useful for their future jobs. For example, they learn to write reports using a word processor.

Students attending a boarding school would cultivate their independence as apart from their parents.

Students can do research using online resources.

Students can study at their own pace. Adults can take distance learning courses. Students can study whenever and wherever they want.

Students from wealthier families tend to be better prepared. Children from poorer families may receive less support from parents.

Students have problems with paperwork such as visa applications.

Students often don't get much out of those classes.

Studying alone, one will not be distracted by others.

Studying in a foreign language si challenging. The language barrier can be a problem.

Teachers can work at the right speed for their students. Teachers can plan more suitable lessons. High-level groups may progress faster. Lower-level groups can benefit from a slower pace.

Teachers should be permitted to use force to remove disruptive children from the classroom.

Teachers will benefit a lot when their minds are open to the ideas and honest opinions of the youngsters.

Technology is a powerful tool to engage students. Technology can make lessons much more interesting.

The achievements of celebrities can motivate young people to study hard and show perseverance.

The class certainly becomes more diversified when students with dissimilar talents are put together.

The contribution of day schools can't be ignored.

The family environment is widely thought/believed to be the most important influence on children's development.

The main function of schools is to impart knowledge to the next generation.

The tuition fee has been rising.

The quality of teaching can make a huge difference to students' academic performance.

The use of fossil fuels can cause damage to the environment.

There are many benefits to going to university. A degree can open the door to better employment prospects.

There are no schools in many areas. Literacy rates are often low. Children often have to work from an early age. Families do not have access to books or computers.

There are strong signs that books are going to remain with us for a long time.

There are too many children in some classes. Large classes are difficult to manage.

There is a general debate on the campus today over the phenomenon of college or high school students doing part-time jobs.

There is a growing tendency for parent these days to stay at home to look after their children instead of returning to work earlier.

There is a growing tendency for parents to ask their children to accept extra educational programs over the recent years.

There is every possibility that books will remain and improve as time goes by.

There is no clear link between grouping students by ability and their levels of attainment.

There is no doubt that our educational system leaves something to be desired.

Therefore, instead of losing its value, education will become all the more essential in a world where we are in danger of being overwhelmed by conflicts and competition among ourselves.

This issue is becoming a matter of concern for more and more people, especially parents and experts in education.

Though emotionally demanding, it would be wise for mothers to send their kids to kindergartens where the children are in professional hands. Kindergartens can be viewed as an extension of and preparation for primary schools.

Though imperfect, distance learning has greatly benefited many people. But it is still a complement to normal education, at least for now.

To promote social progress, schools need to provide moral and ethical education.

To really master a subject one needs to devote his whole life to it.

Today an increasing number of people have realized that law education is of great importance. In order to keep law and order, every one of us is supposed to get a law education.

Too much control is certainly detrimental to children's future development.

Using multimedia tools can improve students' concentration and keep them interested.

What's more, living in school can save them a great deal of time on the way between home and school every day, so they would be able to concentrate more time and energy on their academic work.

When it comes to education, the majority of people believe that education is a lifetime study.

While there are numerous other ways to educate a child, punishment is sometimes necessary.

Without the deterrent of punishment, the incentive may have little effect because the benefits that kids gain from behaving wrongly can be much more tempting than the rewards offered by their parents.

Young learners do not become proficient in some basic skills. They use word processors with spell-checker. People should be able to write a letter by hand.

Young people without tertiary education qualifications normally end up working in low-skilled jobs.

Energy.

Drilling and fracking in untouched places can lead to the destruction of natural habitats and disrupt local ecosystems.

Exploiting natural resources in remote or untouched areas can lead to habitat degradation and biodiversity loss, both of which can have significant impacts on local ecosystems.

Exploring new sources of oil and gas in regions, which have not been explored before, provides a new source of energy that can meet the increasing demands of modern society. Additionally, it can create employment opportunities for local communities residing in these areas, thereby boosting their economic growth. Moreover, it can pave the way for other industries that can make use of the energy reserves in these regions. 

Exploring remote and untouched areas can bring about many advantages.

The environmental risk posed by drilling and extracting oil and gas.

The exploitation of untapped reserves can be seen as beneficial for the global economy.

The extraction and transportation of these resources can result in environmental pollution and harmful greenhouse gas emissions, contributing to climate change.

The potential risk of accidents and spills associated with exploiting natural resources in remote and untouched areas.

The pursuit of oil and gas in remote regions often leads to political instability and conflict.

The risk of oil spills poses a significant threat to the ecosystem and local communities.
