Personality.

Growing up in the countryside helps to cultivate one's self-reliance. Infrastructure and public service being inadequate, rural residents often do things for themselves.

Many people argue that we control our own destinies. We are not limited by our genetic characteristics or upbringing. By working hard we can achieve our goal where we put our minds to. Many successful people are "self-made".

Others think that our education and upbringing are more important. We develop according to the influences around us. Our personalities and achievements depend more on nurture than nature. We can shape our own personalities.

People raised in a city are often competitive and ambitious. They have been engaged in competitions with their peers since an early age;

People's character can be attributed to many factors, the environment being only one of them.

Some people believe that our personalities are determined mainly by genetics. We inherit our abilities and talents from our parents.

Though possessing individuality, people often share some collective traits unique to the place where they live.

Policy.

Adequate grants and scholarships should be set aside to alleviate the financial burdens of those underprivileged students.

Authorities should censor those news reports that give an exaggerated account of some social problems.

Better planning could make the best use of existing roads without further encroachment on the already scarce parks, gardens, or squares.

Budget cuts make it difficult for many young people to receive a college education.

Building apartment blocks helps solve overcrowding in cities.

Financial support should be granted to those with real potential.

Government grants could encourage more students to take postgraduate courses.

Governments are also responsible for the security and well-being of their citizens.

Governments can create jobs.

Governments can influence people's habits and opinions.

Governments can introduce new laws.

Governments can impose taxes. Governments raise money by taxing working people.

Governments can provide resources for schools.

Governments can raise people's awareness of issues (e.g. climate change / healthy eating).

Governments can regulate the activities of companies such as banks.

Governments control armed forces and police forces.

Governments have a significant role to play in reducing obesity. Governments should promote a healthy diet and regular exercise. 

Governments provide public services like healthcare and education.

Governments should introduce laws to protect natural environments and local cultures.

Governments should offer some cities funds to preserve historic buildings.

Governments support people who are living in poverty or unable to work.

I believe that governments should try to preserve languages that are less widely spoken. A language is much more than simply a means of communication; it has a vital connection with the cultural identity of the people who speak it.

If restrictions are imposed on certain areas and subjects, and if artists can only approach an issue in ways approved by the authority, art ceases to be art. 

In conclusion, we must take into account this problem rationally and place more emphasis on peasants' lives. Any government that is blind to this point will pay a heavy price.

In short, peace and development is certainly the theme of this century. Priority should be given to assisting the poor both at home and abroad rather than national defense.

It is desirable to build more hospitals, shopping centers, recreation centers, cinemas, and other public facilities to meet the growing needs of people.

It is suggested that governments ought to make efforts to reduce the increasing gap between cities and the countryside. 

Much needs to be done by the government to help this disadvantaged group.

Some people hold the government accountable for this issue.

Tax reductions are beneficial to those who live on a tight budget.

The government should be responsible for ensuring that children have access to healthy food choices, such as vegetables and fruits, at school canteens.

The government should give priority to welfare services, especially healthcare.

The top priority for deprived countries is to satisfy citizens' basic needs. 

Therefore, I am in favor of providing free child care for all children, not just those of working mothers, if the government can afford it. Otherwise, the caring of the children remains to be the responsibility of individual families.

This is a matter of life and death--a matter no country can afford to ignore.

Those urban planners who are blind to this point will pay a heavy price, which they cannot afford it.

Poverty.

Overall the table suggests that households of single adults and those with children were more likely to be living in poverty than those consisting of couples.
