Communication.

Young people should be encouraged to communicate with their peers and develop their interpersonal skills.

Communication and isolation must not be defined in a narrow sense.

Communication is made easy by technology, which promises infinite possibilities ahead.

Community service provides offenders with opportunities to acquire transferable skills.

Commuting time has been prolonged because of traffic congestion.

Evaluation and criticism are themselves effective forms of communication.

People need to improve their relationships with others around them.

We should not ignore face-to-face communication.

Competition.

A sense of competition can certainly bring about improvement.

Competition is a natural instinct in humans.

Competition is healthy because it pushes us to give our best.

The total synergy of a team is far more important than the strength of an individual player.

When it comes to an effective remedy for the weaknesses in competition, people naturally think of cooperation.

The urge to improve provided by competition is based on personal gratification.

Without competition, they will lose their drive to better themselves.

Cooperation.

Besides, compared to competition, cooperation gives a greater impetus to progress.

Cooperation is essential to success.

Cooperation is grounded on one's devotion to a common goal.

Success is not achieved by defeating others but by improving ourselves.

Failure.

People differ in their attitudes towards failure.

Freedom.

Freedom of speech is a basic right for all citizens, more so for artists.

Help.

I accept that it is important to help our neighbors and fellow citizens.

I believe that we have an obligation to help those who live beyond our national borders.

A small donation to an international charity might have a much greater impact than helping in our local area.

Moral.

Lies may also be told so as to cushion the blow or shield people from harsh realities.

Some lies, once detected, lead others to thank us for being so considerate.

Some white lies certainly serve some purposes.

We should not lie unless absolutely necessary.

Personality.

Growing up in the countryside helps to cultivate one's self-reliance.

Many people argue that we control our own destinies.

Many successful people are "self-made".

Others think that our education and upbringing are more important.

Our personalities and achievements depend more on nurture than nature.

People raised in a city are often competitive and ambitious.

People's character can be attributed to many factors, the environment being only one of them.

Some people believe that our personalities are determined mainly by genetics.

Though possessing individuality, people often share some collective traits unique to the place where they live.

We are not limited by our genetic characteristics or upbringing.

We can shape our own personalities.

We inherit our abilities and talents from our parents.

Stress.

Children may be affected by their parents' relationship problems.

Psychologists can offer emotional support to patients, and they can help them to cope with stress.

Stress can be reduced by taking regular exercise and eating a healthy diet.

Tests and exams can also cause stress.

The relationship with one's fellow human being also adds to one's stress.

Modern lifestyles are increasingly stressful.

Unemployment is a major cause of stress.

Success.

A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm.

Behind every successful man, there are a lot of unsuccessful years.

Being successful means achieving personal or professional goals.

Experience shows that success is due less to ability than to zeal.

Millionaires like Bill Gates are considered to be successful.

People define success in different ways.

Success in any field requires long-term planning and effort.

Success is defined by wealth or status.

They see success as the result of hard work.

We often think of rich and famous people as being successful in life. 