Advertisement.

Advertisers often aim their marketing at children. Children can easily be influenced by advertisements. Children put pressure on parents to buy them things.

Advertising adds to the anxiety of the young by telling them all kinds of problems they are to have if they don't use certain products or services.

Advertising creates new desires and needs. It persuades us to buy the latest styles.

Advertising is a creative industry that employs many people; it's a form of modern art. Without advertising there would be higher unemployment.

Advertising is a key part of modern business. Companies need to tell customers about their products. Advertisements inform us about the choices we have.

Advertising is ubiquitous. Wherever you go, you are likely to see or hear some form of advertising, usually for a certain product or service. 

Advertising manipulates people. It aims to persuade people that buying a product will make them happier.

Advertisers focus on selling a brand image. They use glamorous, successful people. We are encouraged to associate certain brands with a higher social status.

Advertising should be regulated. Advertising aimed at children should be controlled or even banned. Unhealthy foods should not be marketed in a way that attracts children. Products that can be a risk to health should display warnings.

Advertisements often withhold the truth from the public.

Although credits should be given to commercial advertisements for informing the public, strict control should be imposed to rid them of the usual misrepresentation of the truth. Adverts must be truthful or banned altogether.

Despite its big role in modern society, advertising needs to be strictly regulated and restricted because the strategies employed in advertising are becoming increasingly insidious and vicious.

For one thing, advertisements often withhold the truth from the public. 

Governments should only censor false information or products that are harmful.

However, advertising is necessary in free market economies. It creates demand for products.

I believe that there is a direct link between fast food advertisements and rising levels of obesity.

In order to sell more products, advertisements are designed with no concern for the truth.

In some countries, it is illegal to advertise cigarettes on television. Warnings must be displayed on cigarette packets.

It is necessary to put/impose restrictions on those advertisements which encourage people to buy more than they need.

Most adverts advocate an unhealthy way of life.

People enjoy adverts. Without advertising, we would have less choice.

This is commonly believed that companies that have a monopoly in the market should not invest in advertisements.

We now live in. a consumer culture. We are persuaded to follow the latest trend.

Agriculture.

Large-scale farming is becoming unsustainable because it is not energy efficient and damages the environment.

Modern farming methods need to be closely examined and improved because our health is at stake here.

This kind of technology-intensive agriculture also has its side effects.

Alien.

However, there are other serious issues on earth that need immediate attention rather than future problems.

Supports the belief that not only people's everyday lives but also the future of the human race will therefore benefit from launching alien projects. 

To begin with, searching for life on other space bodies could be a contingent plan in the worst case because of the increasing risk to life on Earth.

Alternative Medicines.

Many alternative medicines have not been tested scientifically. They may have no beneficial effect at all. They may cause unknown side effects.

People are increasingly using alternative medicines to treat illnesses. Herbal medicines can be used to treat allergies or viruses. Many patients report positive experiences with these treatments.

People should trust the opinions of qualified doctors. An illness could get worse without treatment from a doctor.

Some traditional cures have been used for hundreds of years. For example, acupuncture can be used to treat backache.