Agriculture.

Large-scale farming is becoming unsustainable because it is not energy efficient and damages the environment.

Modern farming methods need to be closely examined and improved because our health is at stake here.

This kind of technology-intensive agriculture also has its side effects.

Career.

Career success depends on individual merit.

Changing jobs is interesting and challenging.

Employees have a stable career with one employer.

I disagree with the idea that money is the key consideration when deciding on a career because I believe that other factors are equally important.

In a fast-changing world workers need to be flexible.

Many people's feelings of job satisfaction come from their professional achievements, the skills they learn, and the position they reach, rather than the money they earn. 

People can retrain in a different occupation.

People need to develop a range of experience and skills.

People often change jobs in order to further their careers.

Personal relationships and the atmosphere in a workplace are extremely important when choosing a job. 

Selecting a suitable candidate for a vacancy is not an easy task

Some people choose a career because they want to help others and contribute something positive to society.

Experienced staff can be trusted with more responsibility.

While salaries certainly affect people's choice of profession, I do not believe that money outweighs all other motivators.

Child Labourer.

Children need to be given the knowledge and skills for adult life.

In some countries, children are exploited. They do repetitive jobs for very low pay.

The employment of children is prohibited in some countries.

Governments should make education a priority.

Job.

A growing number of people express a strong desire to take another job or spend more time on their job in order to get more money to support their family.

A part-time job can produce a far-reaching impact on students and they should be encouraged to take part-time jobs, which will benefit students and their families, even society as a whole.

A proper part-time job does not occupy students too much time.

Both parents should share these responsibilities.

By sending kids to nursery schools, mothers have the chance to continue their full-time jobs.

Career prospects are on most people's minds when choosing a major, but this can hardly justify the overemphasis on certain disciplines. 

Employees find that their jobs or workplaces are far from what they have expected.

Employers no longer think that the number of employers an individual has worked for provides the best measure of loyalty.

For most people, sacrifices have to be made in order to do jobs.

Life is very long; there is no point sticking to one job unless you really enjoy it. 

Many fathers and mothers share their parenting and domestic responsibilities.

Many girls are not willing to seek employment in a male-dominated world.

Many people are actually after the concept of "Time is Money" and earning most of it in extra paid jobs.

Professional skill is not the only thing valued by employers.

Some women may have better career prospects than their husbands.

Sooner or later, we have to fend for ourselves.

Students can not only improve their academic studies but gain much experience, experience they will never be able to get from textbooks.

The extra money obtained from a part-time job will strongly support students to continue their study life.

The fact is that some jobs have been made redundant because of mechanization.

The first job they find may be boring but an indispensable stepping stone toward worthier employment. 

The majority of students believe that part-time jobs will provide them with more opportunities to develop their interpersonal skills, which may put them in a favorable position in future job markets.

There are many job applicants competing for limited positions.

There seem to be too many people without jobs and not enough job positions.

Translators and interpreters are in no danger of losing their jobs in the foreseeable future.

Try until you get the job where your interest lies.

Undergraduates feel under increasing pressure to study hard, because of the soaring unemployment rate.

Unemployment in rural areas can be addressed partially by the rural-to-urban shift.

Working women can take maternity leave during and after pregnancy.

Salary.

It is fair that the best professionals earn a lot of money. 

Professional athletes as a group are paid too much and the exceptionally high salaries for top athletes cannot be justified. 

Sports fans are willing to pay to support their teams.

Sports salaries should be compatible with the wages most people earn.

Self-employment.

Many businesses fail to make a profit.

Nowadays, it is easy to set up a company. 

Self-employed people may face financial difficulties. 

Self-employment involves hard work, long hours, and total responsibility.

Self-employment offers greater freedom than working for a company However, there are risks to starting a new business. 

There is less stability in self-employment.

Unemployment.

All citizens should work to earn a living and support themselves.

Jobless people may become involved in crime as a means to get money.

Receiving benefits affects people's self-esteem.

Some people are unable to find a job. 

Some governments pay unemployment benefits in order to help jobless people.

The benefits system helps to reduce poverty, homelessness, and crime.

The benefits system is a burden on taxpayers.

The unemployed need career advice.

Unemployment causes frustration and stress.

Unemployment is a big problem for individuals, communities, and society. 

Unemployed people need financial support until they find a new job.

University Education.

Attending university provides individuals with essential knowledge and skills that are vital for success in the modern world.

Formal education is no longer the sole path to success, and alternative approaches such as vocational training or entrepreneurship can be as effective.

It is essential to recognize that success is subjective and encompasses many facets of life. 

While university education can provide valuable knowledge and skills, success is not exclusively determined by a degree.

Work.

A good work-life balance can raise job satisfaction.

Being a leader is more conducive to personal growth.

Companies shouldn't expect employees to work overtime.

Happy, healthy workers are more productive.

It is important to achieve a balance between work time and leisure or family time.

Many companies provide childcare facilities.

Many employees are willing to work for companies where they can obtain promotional opportunities.

Nowadays, many people work part-time or have flexible working hours.

Older workers are replaced because they long lost their enthusiasm for work and hamper innovation by always doing things the old way.

People from disadvantaged backgrounds can improve their social status by working hard.

People nowadays are more concerned about their interest in work.

People with a heavy workload do not have adequate time to rest.

The harder you work, the more progress you make.

Too much work can result in stress and poor health.

We should bring home to people the value of working hard.

With an increasing number of young people participating in volunteer work, community cohesion will be enhanced.

Work is a main source of stress for most people.

Work is likely to become more demanding, and competition fiercer, but as long as we are fully prepared, the prospect looks good for all of us.

Working long hours has become the norm in companies.


