Building.

A lot of artificial facilities have been built, which have certain unfavorable effects on the environment.

Building more houses can provide homes for people and boost economic growth.

Governments should spend money on looking after historic buildings

High-rise buildings are sometimes regarded as eyesores of the city.

Historic buildings are part of a country's heritage.

Historic buildings give character to cities and attract tourists.

Historic buildings took skilled craftsmen years to build. 

In some countries, the government provides state or council housing. This helps people who cannot afford to buy their own house.

It can be argued that state housing creates dependence on the government.

Modern buildings should be designed to be environmentally friendly.

Modern concrete, steel, and glass buildings are built in only weeks or months.

Modern glass buildings take advantage of natural light.

Modern insulation can make houses more energy-efficient.

Most ancient buildings are of great artistic and aesthetic value.

New buildings should be designed to complement historic buildings.

Old buildings are an essential part of our cultural heritage and can offer unique perspectives into our shared history.

Old buildings show us how people lived in the past.

People have no incentive to earn money and buy their own homes.

Replacing farmland and parks with houses has several negative impacts.

The building of facilities and infrastructure can destroy the habitat of wild animals.

The world would be a duller place if there were only modern buildings, which more or less resemble one another.

There is no denying that maintaining and repairing old buildings can be a costly undertaking.

Library.

Libraries offer access to materials that are not available online.

Libraries serve as a center for academic community building.

Museum.

On the one hand, it can be argued that the main role of a museum is to entertain. 

On the other hand, some people argue that museums should focus on education. 
