Olympic Game.

Governments are involved in the hosting of sporting events such as the Olympics. 

Some people believe that they believe that the Olympic Games are a waste of money.

The Olympic Games are an advertisement for the host nation, which attracts huge numbers of visitors and sports fans.

There are those who believe that the Olympic Games can bring nations together.

Wealthy countries tend to hold these events. But developing countries should be given the chance to become hosts as well.

Sport.

All sports should be amateur.

By participating in team sports, we learn to work with others.

Children play video games rather than doing outdoor sports.

Compared to an individual sport, a group sport requires collaboration between participants.

Exercise burns calories and helps to build healthy bones and muscles.

Individual sports can be more freedom which means the person can make whatever effort they want and there are no team members to be concerned about.

It is generally agreed that its chronic poor performance is more due to its collective strategy than the skills of individual players.

Lack of physical exercise may have a disastrous influence on their later lives.

Like art, sport is a good way to train ourselves psychologically as well as physically.	

Many experts point out that physical exercise contributes directly to a person's physical fitness.

Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame.

Money is necessary to improve facilities and train athletes.

On the contrary, those games are conducive to cooperation and progress.

Physical exertion is conducive to our health.

Playing a sport within a team can achieve the best result and support each team member.

Professional sports are the same as any other business, and many people are employed in the sports industry. 

Professional sports encourage people to compete for money

Regular exercise is essential for maintaining a healthy body. 

Since the examination is around the corner, I am compelled to give up doing sports.

Solo sports also bring a number of benefits allow to cultivate and maximalize their personal capacity.

Some people think that sports and politics should remain separate.

Sport has become a business.

Sport is a character builder.

Sports and other school activities can be designed to give children a sense of accomplishment and to promote their well-being.

Sports are a safe form of competition. 

Sports should be leisure activities rather than jobs, and people should do sporting activities for enjoyment and health reasons. 

Taking part is more important than winning. 

The claim that sports lead to competition rather than cooperation is only a lame argument.

The government has the duty to enforce regulations if necessary to safeguard human lives.

The level of professional sports is much higher than that of amateur sports.
