Family.

A woman's job was to stay at home taking care of her family. Families tend to be smaller these days, and women often have full-time jobs. Nowadays, fewer elderly people are looked after by their relatives.

Busy parents have less contact with their children. Many families no longer eat meals together. Children spend more time with friends or surfing the Internet.

Care homes provide a professional service for senior citizens. Nurses are better trained than family members.

Caring for elderly people was traditionally the responsibility of families. Adults had to look after their elderly parents.

Children may be left alone, or with nannies or babysitters.

Families in many countries are not as large as they used to be. We tend to live in small nuclear families rather than large extended families.

Friends, television and the Internet become the main influence on children's behavior.

Governments should invest money in facilities and training for care workers.

It costs so much to bring children up. It is more difficult to raise a large family.

Many parents have no idea how their children spend their time. Parents should be more involved with their children's upbringing.

Nowadays both parents often work. Parents tend to have fewer children.

Parents spend less time with their children. Children and their parents seem to be less close nowadays.

Some families are unable to look after elderly relatives.

Teenagers are influenced by peer pressure. Some of them join gangs. Juvenile delinquency is on the increase.

The best form of care for the elderly depends on the family situation. It depends on whether family members have the time and resources.

The lack of closeness in families can have a negative effect on children.

We all have a responsibility towards the older people in our society.

With age, people find it difficult to maintain contact with family and friends.

Women traditionally stayed at home to cook, clean and look after children. Nowadays both parents often work full time.

Young people need positive role models.

Fashion.

Global advertisement has made the world as a global village and various fashion companies establish their branches in entire world to sale innovative fashion things in every supermarket of the world.

In more cases, it is the positive traits of a product that motivate consumers to buy.

It is undeniable that some people choose to buy clothes with high popularity in order to follow a trend, and by following others, they can get a sense of belonging, connection, and identity.

Many people consider it necessary to follow fashion.

Many people seem to overlook the basic fact: the major function of clothing is to keep us warm and comfortable.

Many young people always go into raptures at the mere mention of buying fashionable clothes. 

The pursuit of beauty should be carried out in our minds but not over our faces or bodies. What really counts is not what meets the eye. 

There is a general discussion over fashion in recent years. One of the questions under debate is whether a person should choose comfortable clothes, which he or she likes, regardless of fashion.

We all are living in a glamorous where various fashion industries develop new fashion all across the world further, people use them and try to imitate.

Freedom.

Freedom of speech is a basic right for all citizens, more so for artists.