Entertainment.

Playing games on mobile phones leads to isolation in society.

Playing games over mobile phones has been a crucial issue for parents.

Playing quiz games over phones brings creativity and a vast knowledge of new vocabulary words.

Video games can be both entertaining and educational.

Happiness.

Competition is the first reason why people in developed countries are not happy that they were.

Happiness is difficult to define because it means something different to each individual person.

Happiness means different things to different people. 

Peace of mind is essential to achieving happiness.

People in developed countries already have wealth to enjoy a better standard of living so increased wealth will not add any happiness in their day-to-day life on the other hand

Some people see money as a source of happiness, but other people define happiness as something deeper.

Hobby.

A hobby is also an antidote to stress.

Anyone can take interesting pictures without knowing too much about the technicalities of operating a camera.

Hobbies are beneficial because they are a genuine source of fun and pleasure.

Hobbies enable us to associate more with others who have similar hobbies.

I believe that many hobbies give us more pleasure when we reach a higher level of performance because the results are better and the feeling of achievement is greater.

Holiday.

More and more people choose to avoid the holiday season to go traveling because tourist sites are invariably overcrowded during public holidays.

People themselves know when they would most enjoy a vacation.

The idea of people in different professions having holidays at different times is often out of necessity.

This kind of liberal attitude toward holidays can reduce the strain on public facilities during the holiday season.

Tourism.

Beautiful beaches are spoiled by the building of hotels.

Local traditions and cultures may be endangered.

Low-cost airlines are making it cheaper to travel abroad.

Many people believe that international tourism produces positive effects on economic growth.

Many people today enjoy the pleasure of traveling around the world and appreciating exotic cultures and landscapes.

Proper measures must be taken to limit the number of foreign tourists and great efforts should be made to protect the local environment and history from the harmful effects of international tourism.

Some areas rely on tourism for their income.

The living standard of the average Chinese is still not high enough to be able to afford the many different sorts of expenses during long-distance travel.

The price of goods, services, and housing may increase significantly.

The problem of international tourism has caused wide public concern over the recent years.

The tourist trade is vital for some economies. 

The way I see it, tourism can do much to promote tradition and culture.

Traveling abroad opens our minds.

Tourism attracts investment from multi-national companies.

Tourism brings China a lot of benefits. 

Tourism can have a negative effect on the natural environment.

Tourism creates pollution and waste.

Tourism, however, gives rise to a number of problems.

Tourism is a popular leisure activity.

Tourism should have a low impact on wildlife.

Tourist spots endeavor to cater to tourists' needs and tastes.

Tourists can experience different cultures.

What these people fail to see is that international tourism may bring about a disastrous impact on our environment and local history.

