Newspaper.

An event should only be reported if it is worthy and informative.

Being printed on paper, the newspaper is friendly to the eyes.

I believe that newspapers will continue to be a vital source of information, even in the Internet age.

News events often get dramatized.

News reports often don't show us the whole picture because all too often news coverage must bow to political pressure.

Newspapers and books are now published online as well as in print. We can read the news in any language from any country in the world. It costs nothing to publish or access information on the Internet.

Newspapers are the most traditional means of communicating the news, and not everyone wants to or is able to use the Internet instead.

Newspaper articles and books are written by professionals. They produce better quality writing than amateurs, but the Internet allows anybody to publish their own writing.

Newspapers can be trusted as reliable sources of news because they employ professional journalists and editors.

Newspapers offer in-depth reports on various events, which can rarely be found on radio or TV.

People still buy newspapers and books because they are portable. People do not like reading from a screen.

Reporters often seek to captivate rather than inform the reader.

So long as you can read you pick up a newspaper and enjoy.

The key benefit of online news compared to newspapers is the ability to share articles, discuss them with other people, give our views, and even contribute with our own updates on social media.

Nuclear.

Fossil fuels like oil and gas are running out. Nuclear could replace the use of natural resources like coal, oil or gas.

It is safer to produce energy from solar, wind or water power.

Nuclear could help to reduce carbon emissions that cause global warming.

Nuclear power is a sustainable energy source. Nuclear can be used to produce electricity without wasting natural resources.

Nuclear waste disposal is a significant problem. There is currently no way to decontaminate radioactive material.

Nuclear weapons should be prohibited. Governments should limit the production of nuclear weapons.

Nuclear weapons are capable of destroying whole cities. A nuclear war between two countries would destroy both countries.

Nuclear weapons are used as a deterrent, so they can prevent wars from starting.

Nuclear weapons cannot be used against terrorist organizations.

Opponents of nuclear power worry about the safety of power stations. The building of new nuclear power stations is unpopular; nobody wants to live near one.

People worry that terrorists could steal radioactive materials.

There is a danger of nuclear weapons being obtained by terrorists.

There are several benefits to build more nuclear power stations. Nuclear power stations are cleaner than fossil fuel power stations. The risks of accidents are being reduced.

Olympic Game.

Governments are involved in the hosting of sporting events such as the Olympics. Because these events attract investment and create jobs. The Olympic Games are an advertisement for the host nation, which attract huge numbers of visitors and sports fans.

Some people believe that the believe that the Olympic Games are a waste of money.

There are those who believe that the Olympic Games can bring nations together.

Wealthy countries tend to hold these events. But developing countries should be given the chance to become hosts as well.
