Future.

A much better and brighter future awaits us.

Any attempts to predict the future will be futile. But one thing is certain, that is, the future is in our hands.

Job And Part-Time Job.

A proper part-time job does not occupy students too much time. In fact, it is unhealthy for them to spend all of their time on their study. As an old saying goes: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

According to a recent survey, a growing number of people express a strong desire to take another job or spend more time on their job in order to get more money to support their family.

By sending kids to nursery schools, mothers have the chance to continue their full-time jobs.

By taking a major-related part-job, students can not only improve their academic studies but gain much experience, experience they will never be able to get from textbooks.

Career prospect is on most people's mind when choosing a major, but this can hardly justify the overemphasis on certain disciplines. 

Consequently, the extra money obtained from a part-time job will strongly support students to continue their study life.

Employees find that their jobs or workplaces are far from what they have expected.

Employers no longer think that the number of employers an individual has worked for provides the best measure of loyalty.

For most people, sacrifices have to be made in order to do jobs.

From what has been discussed above, we may safely draw a conclusion that a part-time job can produce a far-reaching impact on students and they should be encouraged to take part-time jobs, which will benefit students and their families, even society as a whole.

Life is very long; there is no point sticking to one job unless you really enjoy it. 

Many fathers and mothers share their parenting and domestic responsibilities. They contribute equally to childcare, cooking and cleaning.

Many girls are not willing to seek employment in a male-dominated world.

Many people are actually after the concept of "Time is Money" and earning most of it in extra paid jobs.

Profession skill is not the only thing valued by employers.

Some people argue that a mother should not work. She should stay at home and bring up her children, and the father should be the breadwinner of the family. Others believe that both parents should share these responsibilities.

Some women many have better career prospects than their husbands. Paternity leave and "house husbands" are becoming more common.

Sooner or later, we have to fend for ourselves. So why wait until the last minute? Working on a part-time basis prepares us to step out of the Ivory Tower and into the real world.

The fact is that some jobs have been made redundant because of mechanization.

The first job they find may be boring but an indispensable stepping stone toward worthier employment. 

The majority of students believe that part-time jobs will provide them with more opportunities to develop their interpersonal skills, which may put them in a favorable position in future job markets.

There are many job applicants competing for limited positions.

There seem to be too many people without jobs and not enough job positions.

They were often employed as secretaries or receptionists. Nowadays, a range of occupations are available to both sexes. They should be employed according to their abilities, qualifications and experience.

Thus, translators and interpreters are in no danger of losing their jobs in the foreseeable future.

To average people, they often tend to live under the illusion that English often means a good opportunity for one's career, is this really the case?

Try until you get the job where your interest lies.

Undergraduates feel under increasing pressure to study hard, because of the soaring unemployment rate.

Unemployment in rural areas can be addressed partially by the rural-to-urban shift.

Working women can take maternity leave during and after pregnancy. Many mothers continue to work after this period.

Gender.

A mixed-sex environment is more representative of real life. Coeducational schools provide children with better social skills for adult life.

Boys and girls may learn in different ways and have different needs. Student at single-sex schools often get better exam grades.

Discipline problems might be avoided by separating boys and girls.

Free from the burden of co-existing harmoniously with the opposite sex, boys and girls often turn their attention to scholarly pursuits.

It is unhealthy in terms of children's social development.

Males and females should be accepted onto courses according to their abilities. Gender should be irrelevant in education.

Men and women should have access to the same educational opportunities. It is wrong to discriminate against students because of their gender.

Men and women should have access to the same professional opportunities. They should be able to pursue a career. They should earn equal salaries.

Separating boys and girls is unnecessary. Many coeducational schools are extremely successful.

Some people believe that male and female students should go to separate schools. This is often for religious or cultural reasons.

Student's achievements should depend on hard work and individual merit. In the UK (or your country), there are similar numbers of male and female students in higher education.

Though equal, men and women have different roles in society.

Traditional gender roles are gradually changing. Families can divide roles and responsibilities in the most convenient way.

Traditionally, women have been restricted to certain roles.
