Animal.

Animal experiments sometimes fail to detect the undesirable side effects of drugs.

Animal testing helps to advance medical and scientific knowledge.

Animals are used in important scientific research.

Humans have no moral right to do experiments on animals.

I also disagree with the idea that protecting animals is a waste of resources.

I would advocate equal treatment to all things, living or unliving.

It is absurd to argue that wild animals have no place in the 21st century. 

Just as we have our human rights, animals should also enjoy animal rights.

Many important medical discoveries involved experimentation on animals.

Protecting wild animals also has significant economic benefits.

Reliable alternatives to animal experimentation may not always be available.

Researchers aim to minimize the suffering that animals experience.

Testing for the cosmetics industry is now banned in many countries.

The benefits of research using animals do not justify the suffering caused.

The caged animals in zoos are not what they really are.

The lives of animals should be respected.

There are clear ethical arguments against animal experimentation.

To put animals in zoos is another reflection of our wrongful attitude towards nature.

We have superior powers over most animals. 

We are on top of the food chain. 

We can choose to treat animals as equals. 

Wild animals are valuable to the ecosystem.

Wild animals have an inherent right to exist.

Zoo.

Some people believe that zoos are unethical.

The best way to save endangered species is by protecting natural habitats.

Zoo animals are kept in artificial environments. They are kept in cages or have limited space.

Zoo animals rely on humans. They lose the freedom to hunt for food.

Zoos are educational, interesting and fun. Children, in particular, enjoy learning about animals.

Zoos allow scientists to study animals and their behavior.

Zoos exhibit animals with the aim of making money, we have no right to use animals for entertainment and profit.

Zoos play an important role in wildlife conservation.
