Disabled People.

Discrimination against disabled people is illegal in many countries.

People with disabilities should be treated the same as everybody else.

Ramps and lifts for wheelchairs should be installed in public buildings.

Diet.

Eat more vegetables and fruits. Eat less meat and drink plenty of water throughout the day.

Food packaging must show the food's nutritional content.

One advantage of eating food from all over the world is the wider variety that is available.

People should also balance their diet.

People need information about what foods contain.

Unhealthy junk food should be banned from school menus.

Health.

A nursing home can provide professional care for those having trouble looking after themselves.

A strong argument in favor of nursing homes is the sense of community created there.

Advancements in medicine and healthcare have led to a longer life expectancy, reduced malnutrition, and healthier lifestyles.

An advantage of using solar energy is that it won't create any pollution.

An unhealthy diet can cause various health problems.

An unhealthy lifestyle may put people at risk of illness.

Being a doctor should not be merely a job but a sacred calling. 

By doing exercise, we can always stay healthy.

Hospitals rely on the government for money and resources.

I think that the main cause is the lack of exercise.

If money becomes the main objective of doctors or hospitals, dire consequences will ensue.

In light of the growing number of senior citizens in many countries, caring for elderly people is becoming harder to tackle.

The chief reason for the increase in population in developed countries is not so much the rise in birth rates as the decline in death rates as a result of the improvement in medical care.

This is the reason why many clerical workers today suffer from health problems.

It is true that elderly people are physically weaker and more vulnerable to diseases.

More and more people, including young children, are seriously overweight.

Obesity, diabetes, and heart disease are on the increase.

Overwork does harm to health.

Parents also play a critical role in preventing childhood obesity.

Parents are ultimately responsible for their children's health.

Patient's well-being should always be the paramount consideration for doctors.

People's unhealthy lifestyle is the result of their tendency to rely heavily on technology.

Regular exercise can increase one's self-confidence.

Sleepless nights will not only make people feeble but also less healthy.

Society plays a crucial role in promoting healthy habits.

Standards and services will be sacrificed for higher profits.

Taking exercise is closely related to health.

The government can implement policies and regulations that encourage healthy habits.

The government could promote physical activity by investing in parks, playgrounds, and community centers

The government of a country can play a stewardship role in public health, providing leadership and drawing in players from across many sectors.

The health effects of GE food remain unclear to be known.

The human body requires a balanced diet.

There is ample evidence to suggest that it is the responsibility of the government to provide healthy food cheaper to the population.

This situation will increase the burden on hospitals and taxpayers.

To begin with, staying at a nursing home makes good financial sense.

Too often people are unaware of the unhealthy habits they have acquired because they hardly stop to observe their own lifestyles.

We cannot emphasize the importance of protecting our eyes too much.

We know that unhealthy lifestyles may result from a lack of self-discipline.

You will find that staying at a nursing home makes good financial sense if you take into consideration the daily expenses incurred when one lives all by oneself.

Healthcare.

Many people prefer to pay more for personal health services.

State healthcare is paid for by the government using money from taxes. 

State hospitals are often very large and difficult to run.

Patients have their own rooms and more comfortable facilities.

Private healthcare is unfair because only wealthy people can afford it.

Private hospitals have shorter waiting lists for operations and appointments; patients can benefit from faster treatment.

Smoke.

Smoking is a potential fire hazard.

Public smoking is a health threat to others, especially non-smokers.

The euphoria produced by cigarettes is akin to that generated by alcohol or drugs, an escape from reality at best.

Thus it is in the interest of the public and the smokers themselves that public smoking should be banned.

Vegetarian.

A healthy diet is possible without eating meat.

A vegetarian diet may reduce the risk of diseases like cancer.

In many cultures, meat is the main ingredient in traditional meals.

Many people choose a vegetarian diet for moral or health reasons.

Many people question the treatment of animals in factory farms.

Meat-eaters argue that animals are below humans in the food chain.

Our aim should be to improve farming methods.

Vegetarians do not eat a balanced diet.

Vegetarians do not eat foods that are produced by killing animals. 