Dress.

Students are in no danger of losing their individuality by wearing uniforms as the kind of clothes we wear is only a slight indication of our personality.

Students won't engage in some vain and vicious competition about who has the best clothing.

The Uniform gives the students a sense of community.

Fashion.

Global advertisement has made the world a global village and various fashion companies have established their branches in the entire world to sell innovative fashion things in every supermarket of the world.

In more cases, it is the positive traits of a product that motivate consumers to buy.

Many people consider it necessary to follow fashion.

Many people seem to overlook the basic fact: the major function of clothing is to keep us warm and comfortable.

Many young people always go into raptures at the mere mention of buying fashionable clothes. 

Some people choose to buy clothes with high popularity in order to follow a trend, and by following others, they can get a sense of belonging, connection, and identity.

There has been a general discussion over fashion in recent years.

We all live in a glamorous where various fashion industries develop new fashions all across the world further, people use them and try to imitate.

LifeStyle.

A second measure would be for governments to encourage immigration in order to increase the number of working adults who pay taxes.

All these reasons are making human beings less patient and more arrogant, and dragging them towards inhumanity.

An aging population will mean a greater tax burden for working adults.

For people who want to adopt a healthy and meaningful lifestyle, it is important to find time to learn certain new knowledge.

For the majority of people, reading or learning a new skill has become the focus of their lives and the source of their happiness and contentment after their retirement.

For those seeking a quiet life, the countryside is the best place.

From what has been discussed above, I am fully convinced that the leisure lifestyle is undergoing a decline with the progress of modern society, but it is not necessarily a bad thing.

The quality of life is as important as life itself.

In this fast-paced world, every individual seems to be running to keep up with their goals.

Isolation and loneliness are often associated with a rustic life.

Those living outside cities must be content with fewer career opportunities.

Though possessing a superior natural environment, the countryside is often notorious for its lack of amenities, facilities, and public service.

You can broaden your interests and enrich your life by accessing whatever and whoever you are interested in.

Money from national budgets will need to be taken from other areas and spent on vital healthcare, accommodation, and transport facilities for the rising numbers of older citizens.

Most people nowadays lead a sedentary lifestyle. 

Nowadays, people of this age tend to be healthy enough to continue a productive working life.