Other.

One sight is worth a thousand words.

Sometimes it is hard to really comprehend something until one sees it with his own eyes.

It'll help the luck stick.

Giving up is for rookies.

Time and tide wait for no man.

Experience is the best teacher.

Bedtime makes a good man.

Sow nothing, reap nothing.

Live, laugh, love & bread.

We are so excited about the future.

All is well that ends well.

There is no royal road to learning.

Rose will bloom all the time.

You can't please everyone.

It's never too late to mend.

Actions speak louder than words.

Failure is the mother of success.

To shine, not be illuminated.

Where there is a will, there is a way.

An idle youth, a needy age.

Keep on going and never give up.

If you want something, go get it.

I'm always here if you need me.

A single spark can start a prairie fire.

If you can dream it, you can do it.

What pains us trains us.

You can't judge a person by his appearance.

We get to decide what our story is.

Cease to struggle and you cease to live.

We will come ashore in the sunshine.

After all, tomorrow is another day.

Life is a hard and tortuous journey.

Even miracles take a little time.

Ability is of little account without opportunity.

Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.

Dependence is misery, and independence is happiness.

A room without books is like a body without a soul.

Never let your emotions overpower your intelligence.

Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.

Custom makes all things easy.

A good beginning is half done.

Doing is better than saying.

Don't trouble trouble until trouble troubles you.

Confidence in yourself is the first step on the road on the road to success.

An apple day keeps the doctor away.

If heaven made him, the earth could find some use for him.

Eat to live, but not live to eat.

Sometimes accompanied sometimes alone stay awesome all the time.

Early to bed and early to rise to make a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.

The happier you are, the more beautiful you become.

Don't put off till tomorrow what should be done today.

The best and most beautiful things in the world can not be seen or even touched, they must be felt with heart.

Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and more temperate.

A single flower does not make a spring.

A friend in need is a friend indeed.

Actions speak louder than words.

I like a simple and clean life, so do I make friends.

The secret of success is constancy to purpose.

Life would be too smooth if it had no rubs in it.

You are a young love and sweet for the rest of my life.

A bad beginning makes a bad ending.

Cross the stars over the moon to meet your better-self.

I like the night, Without the dark, we'd never see the star.

A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.

Everything will be ok in the end, if it's not ok, it's not the end.

Behind every successful man, there are a lot of unsuccessful years.

How wonderful life is while you're in the world.

A laugh can be a very powerful thing.

A deserted port is always full of flowers.

Expect that there is much happiness in life that has not yet happened.

A liar is not believed when he speaks the truth.

I hope we can all be as brave as each other.

Don't get all sad-faced about what happened and scrunchy-faced about what could.

He would climb the ladder and begin at the bottom.

If you find a path with no obstacles, It probably doesn't lead anywhere.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.

Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart.

You can't change what you are, only what you do.

Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.

Don't cry because it is over, smile because it happened.

When I love you, I always feel that I'm not good enough.

Tired of looking back, you will find that I have been behind you.

Don't undermine your worth by comparing yourself and others.

I'm dark all over, and I always want to give sunshine to others.

Thou hast nor youth nor age. But as it were an after-dinner sleep, Dreaming of both.

It's better to have fought and lost than never to have fought at all.

Action is the foundational key to all success.

Fake friends never betray in front of you, They always do it behind you.

Everyone has problems, Some are just better at hiding them than others.

The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.

If I should meet thee After long years, How should I greet thee? With silence and tears.

We have no right to take another human life.

This problem has caused wide public concern in most cities all over the world.

As an old saying goes: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.

By working hard we can achieve our goal where we put our minds to.

As a popular saying goes, "Everything has two sides."

Fortunately or unfortunately, mankind is always pushing for something better