Q: Describe a popular place for sports. You should say: where is it? when you went there? what did you do there? and explain how you felt about this place.

A: Indeed, nowadays, people are becoming technophile person because of social media; nevertheless, I am not one of those. I consider myself a health-conscious person, and I perform various physical exercises to make myself fit as a fiddle. However, today, I would like to shed some light on a popular place that I visited a plethora of times in my daily routine. Actually, that place is none other than the park, which is a stone's throw away from my house. Honest speaking, I visited there after school hours to spend time as I am a gregarious person. Therefore, I met a myriad of people over there, and I hung out with them. What is more, as there are umpteen of benefits of this park, it is not solely beneficial for grey haired people but also for teenagers. Firstly, if I talk about youngsters, there are ample swings as well as a playground of cricket where I can play with my kiths and kin. Apart from this, on the paradoxical side, the nation's authority offers separate sitting areas for older people. Besides, I felt cool as a cucumber after playing in that playground. After all, I met new people every day from whom I could easily learn a lot of things because I am an innovative person. Due to this, I have the curiosity to learn something. In addition, I vividly remember last year, the government of the nation embellished this place with studded red tiles on the outer side of the part. Seriously, now this place looks like a shopper in paradise. To cut a long story short, this is a renowned place for sports.

Q: Do young people like to do sports?

A: Sports play a part and parcel role; however, it varies from person to love sports. Even if I talk about myself being a sports-enthusiastic person, I am passionate about sports because there are too many courier opportunities in these domains.

Q: What are the benefits of sports for children?

A: Generally, there are a lot of merits of playing sports for youngsters as sports keep teenagers fit as a fiddle. Additionally, it is also fruitful for the holistic development of mankind, and due to this, the individual can easily heed their work.

Q: Is it necessary to build public sports spaces?

A: Definitely yes, according to my purpose, it is beneficial for the development of mankind as I earlier said, because of sports place individual can play in playground owing to which I deem that individual life looks like a night without moon without sports place.

Q: What do you think of companies donating sports venues for poor children?

A: To be very honest, I deem that organizations should provide funds in order to bring breakthroughs in sports places because of their advantages as it brings drastic improvement in individual life furthermore, it also plays an indispensable role in everyone's life.