Q: Describe a plant grown in your country that you think is very important. What is it? Where is it grown? How is it used? Why is it important to your country?

A: Brazil is an agricultural center of the world. Therefore there are several plants that are very important to its economy, such as nuts, soybeans, and sugar cane. However, the most iconic plant, I must say, it's coffee. Coffee grows on small trees, 3 to 4 meters tall with white flowers when in bloom. And green, yellow, and red beans when on the plant. Most people associate coffee with the brown beans, but this is only after roasting. There are three main regions for coffee production in the country, and those are Mogiana, Sol Minas, and Cerrado. Along the Atlantic coast. The climate and moisture of these areas make them ideal for growing coffee since they are situated in the so-called "Coffee Belt" of the world. Brazil produces approximately one-third of all coffee consumed in the world, and its production provides jobs for tens of thousands of people in the country. Brazilians not only grow coffee but also love drinking it. And there is often fierce competition on the streets for who makes the best brew. Although there is some controversy, as coffee production is often related to slave labor, I'm quite sure that coffee will remain a very important plant for Brazilians for the years to come.

Q: Do you think it is important to keep plants around the house? Why or why not?

A: Well, yeah I think this is very important to have plants in the house because every house feels friendlier and fresher when there are plants around. For example, I have a couple of Chinese Evergreens and whenever I look at them, I feel better.

Q: What can people do to reduce the amount of tree products like paper in their daily lives?

A: Well, I think one good way to approach this is with technology. And by this, I mean going digital. So if people and organizations would switch from traditional paper-based activities towards digital. So, for example, uh, bank statements, invoices, and mail. I think this would help to reduce on using paper.

Q: Why is it important to have green spaces like parks and trees in big cities?

A: Well, first of all, trees are very important for people's health a mood. And I think that having parks and trees in the cities is good for...also for providing shade and regulating the temperature in hot cities.

Q: Do you think it is mainly the role of governments or individuals to make sure people recycle? Why?

A: That's a very good question. I will definitely say it's both. So governments should provide the infrastructure, such as the containers to segregate garbage, the trucks to collect it, and the plants to process it. But no governmental effort will go anywhere if people don't pay attention and separate their garbage share properly. I know that in Brazil there are some laws about recycling. But unfortunately, there is a lack of attention from both the government and the people. 

Q: What may happen in future societies if people put all their waste into the garbage and do not recycle?

A: Well I think if people would carelessly and just throw the rubbish away, this might cause some damage to our natural environment. Once nature is damaged, it also impacts us, human beings as a species, and severe consequences might be faced by our race, including extinction. 

Q: How has recycling changed the way individuals do their daily shopping? What else can be done in the future?

A: Well I think recycling as a culture has definitely influenced the way we live. Specifically, for shopping, I can remember that only a couple of decades ago, most people used plastic bags for doing their grocery shopping. Nowadays you can see people using reusable bags made out of textile or other materials. And for example, I always use a backpack when I go to do my grocery shopping.