Barbecue.

I'd like to have a barbecue with my family.

I like spicy grilled chicken which I think is the most delicious meat for the barbecue.

I think the Chinese are quite keen on barbecue because it's tasty.

When I was a kid, barbecue was way more popular than today.

Beverage.

Coca-Cola is everywhere.

I have never really counted but I drink water at least a dozen times during the day.

I like to drink water as soon as I get up in the morning.

I must say nothing can beat the taste of fresh cold water on a hot summer day.

Breakfast.

For breakfast, I usually eat a balanced meal that includes a serving of fruits, and some protein like eggs.

I believe breakfast is crucial.

Skipping breakfast often leads to lower energy levels and decreased concentration.

Cake.

Chinese people don't like cakes as much as Westerners.

I learned to bake a cake from my mother.

I used to find cakes very exciting when I was young.

I've enjoyed cakes since childhood, savoring their sweetness on special occasions.

Lots of different types of cakes seem to be popular, from the French style pastries to the more American style desserts.

We do have the habit of giving really nice birthday cakes to people at their birthday dinners that's a tradition which we do really enjoy.

When I was a child, we didn't see many cakes here in my city.

Candy.

I must admit that I have a bit of a sweet tooth.

I probably have like one candy a day.

Many people love candy because it is sweet and delicious.

There are new candies and flavors that are new to the market and it didn't seem to be around when I was a young boy.

Chocolate.

I like eating chocolate because it is really delicious.

I think the caffeine that chocolate contains can activate people's nerves.

If my memory serves me correctly, the last time I had chocolate was one week ago.

It's pretty popular for boys and girls in a relationship to send each other chocolate to signify that their love is as sweet as candy.

My favorite flavor of chocolate is black.

There's something comforting about unwrapping a piece of chocolate and letting it melt slowly in your mouth.

Coffee.

I usually need a cup or two of coffee to get going in the morning.

Cook.

I also like to cook at home because I know the ingredients and it is less expensive.

I am fond of cooking.

I have had the opportunity to teach cooking to my wife and even some friends.

I often watch cooking programs on TV to learn cooking.

I learn cooking from my mother and cookery books.

Learning to cook has significantly enriched my life.

Learning to cook has allowed me to be independent and self-reliant, especially when I moved to another city for higher studies.

My mother always experiments with new dishes.

My mother has excellent culinary skills.

My mother is health-conscious and prepares food with little salt.

There is no doubt that students should be encouraged to learn how to cook at school for real.

When I'm finished at the office, I like to go home and prepare a meal, like yesterday, I made delicious noodles.

Cuisine.

China is a country with a splendid catering culture.

Hunan dishes are spicy and hot.

I like Cantonese food because it's light in flavor.

I think it's important to offer different types of food to different people.

There are eight major cuisines in China.

Dessert.

Chinese have a wide variety of cuisine including a lot of quite interesting desserts, even though we might not have a dessert every day after a meal.

Traditional Chinese desserts, such as red bean buns and tangyuan, hold cultural significance and contribute to the tapestry of culinary offerings.

Diet.

I don't think vegetarianism gives me enough energy in the long term.

I love a delicious crab dim sum. I could have it every day.

I think organic food is probably more popular with the very health-conscious.

I think the main point is that we should try to lead a healthy diet, where we have lots of energy and we don't get sick.

People's eating habits change as they get older.

These days, especially with women, there's a lot of pressure on them to diet to make sure that they have a slim body.

Dinner.

It's always wonderful to have a tasty meal after a day of work.

Drink.

Drinking enough water is of paramount importance for health.

Eat out.

Food in restaurants always has too much salt.

I like going to restaurants during weekends or holidays, like birthdays or spring festivals.

I like taking my wife out to a restaurant for dinner.

I like to dine out at restaurants.

I like to eat at a restaurant because it is less work, and I try new dishes just like the delicious French onion soup the other day.

I prefer eating at home because home-cooked meals are healthier and more comforting.

I usually go to restaurants about once or twice a month, it's a special treat for me and my family.

If I could own a restaurant, it would serve a mixed edition of Canton cuisine and Hunan dishes.

The most important reason is that foods cooked at home are a lot safer than eating out.

My favorite restaurant is TaoTaoJu, which is located in the heart of Guangzhou, and serves amazing traditional Canton dishes like chicken and duck.

My go-to restaurant is KFC. They have the delicious hamburger and the price is great.

My wife is quite a picky eater and she loves going out.

Whenever it's possible to go out to eat.

Fast food.

I really like fast food because it can be convenient, and it's the best choice for working meals.

The so-called junk food such as hamburger has gained a lot of popularity in China.

Fruits.

Bananas, on the other hand, are not only tasty but also really convenient to carry on the go.

I do enjoy eating fruits and vegetables. 

fruits and vegetables are not only delicious, but they also provide essential nutrients for a healthy lifestyle.

I eat at least one apple, banana, or orange a day.

I make it a point to incorporate fruits and vegetables into my daily diet. 

Personally, I'm not a big fan of Bitter Gourd. Bitter Gourd has a distinct bitter taste that does not appeal to my palette.

Some of my favorite fruits include bananas and apples.

Ice Cream.

I absolutely adore ice cream and it is a regular part of my life.

I am absolutely into ice cream.

I didn't really eat so much ice cream as a child because there wasn't really any ice cream available in my town.

I have been enjoying ice cream since my childhood.

I have no idea how to make ice cream

I now live in quite a big city, and there are many shops in the local mall that sell ice cream, which has very different flavors on sale.

I would absolutely love to make my own ice cream! it's not only a delicious treat but also a creative and enjoyable process.

In my city, there are quite a few places that specialize in ice cream, offering all sorts of different and interesting flavors.

There are some ice cream shops near my home.

Picnic.

I think the main difference between a picnic and cooking at home is the experience of eating.

I remember I had gone on picnics several times with my family.

Normally, I would go on a picnic in the Baiyun mountains.

These 3 years, I have only had one time of enjoying picnics.

Snack.

I love crisps so much that I feel incomplete if I do not have a bag of crisps in my hand when I watch films.

I think it is unhealthy for people to eat snacks.

To enhance their flavor and attractiveness, food manufacturers often add excessive salt and sugar to snacks to appeal to our embedded thirst for energy.

Sweet food.

Some individuals may dislike sweet foods due to personal taste preferences or health considerations, opting for savory or less sugary options instead.

Tea.

Coffee tends to make me feel a bit jittery, while tea gives me a more natural, steady energy.

Green tea helped calm me down and stay focused without adding to my nerves.

I always prepare tea for guests.

I chose tea over coffee since coffee sometimes makes me feel jittery.

I had two cups of green tea with breakfast this morning.

I have a good variety of teas, I feel proud to share this with visitors.

I stick with tea throughout the day.

I usually heat water in my kettle and offer a selection of teas, either in bags or loose leaves.

I'm more of a tea person.

Teas have health benefits that work well for me.

Vegetable.

I am quite into vegetables such as broccoli.