Art.

Arts education is equally important for fostering creativity, self-expression, and cultural awareness.

As an art lover, I always go to art exhibitions whenever I have the chance.

Being an artist would allow me to weave my inner visions into tangible forms that can be shared with the world.

Modern art often challenges the norm and uses unconventional methods and materials, which I find incredibly stimulating.

More schools, galleries, and museums should be set up to let people know what art is.

People would often create art that had a connection.

The Drama Club presents the play of the year in spring.

The students actively apply for the Drama club.

Young people nowadays cannot appreciate traditional art.

Beauty.

I don't think it's really important to have stunning good looks to do well.

I don't think our looks need to be a severe help to you, but they also should not, our appearance should not be a hindrance either.

I think beauty is very subjective, so it is different for different people.

I think it is a need for cosmetic surgery if it's reconstructive.

I think people have an innate affinity towards beauty.

People find beauty in a lot of different types of objects.

Cultural/Culture.

China is a diverse country with different cultures.

International cultural exchange is a good way to contact people in the world.

This is probably because this is part of our culture.

Dictionary.

There are several types of dictionaries: paperback and electronic.

Dress.

They dress like the people they see in the media.

Film.

Censoring films will definitely change in the next twenty years.

If films are made based on real-life situations, people can relate to them better because such films represent the true picture of society.

If the story goes beyond people's imagination, they will take more interest and enhance their imagination to judge the climax of the film.

Men prefer science fiction films, such as 2012 or Avatar. Women are really into romance, which can comfort their hearts.

TV or films should be censored because only then can they work well in society.

Instrument.

Learning a musical instrument is something pleasant to all children no matter whether they can play it well.

The first musical instrument that I played was the bamboo flute.

Movie.

I really love the whole experience of buying your drink and your popcorn and going with your family and watching it on the big screen.

I prefer movies to books because of the audio-visual effect of films.

I prefer science action movies.

I think it is better to watch the movie version before the book version of a story because the book usually gives a detailed narration while the movie gives a summary.

I think the plots of science fiction movies are enjoyable.

When I was a little child, Disney movies were my favorite.

Music.

I lean more towards melodies and rhythms that are a bit softer and mellow, allowing me to relax and reflect.

I only get used to listening to pop music.

My times of day to listen to music are quite regular, and it often happens at noon and at night.

The radio channel in my car often plays pop music, and now I'm into it somewhat.

While I appreciate music, I prefer it at a moderate volume.

Young people love to listen to the latest music.

Photograph.

I personally prefer photos as a piece of art to buy cuz they seem more real to me.

Some people don't think they're very photogenic, so they don't feel like they look good in a photograph.

Rude.

I'm not sure honestly about what's considered rude in my culture.

In my family, it was very rude to talk loudly.