Breathe.

Breathing is a vital part of our existence, we need to survive.

Obviously, smog makes it harder for us to breathe.

I've read stories on the internet and in newspapers of cities where people actually suffocate due to the smoke, they literally can't breathe.

Environment protect.

Education and awareness are the key factors in encouraging people to protect the environment.

I never throw garbage on the roads or on the streets.

I recycle and reuse plastic containers.

I think the enhancement of our environment will definitely raise our standard of living.

I recycle and try not to use single-use plastics.

I try to do my part in protecting the environment.

I would opt to use natural cleaning products over chemical ones because they are eco-friendly and do not harm the environment.

Individuals must devote their time freely and volunteer to clean up the environment, because of all the damage we have done and are still doing.

NGO.

A couple of environmental NGOs in China are Friends of Nature or FON as they are normally called and the Green Home.

People can volunteer their time or make donations to organizations like FON or Green Home.

Plants.

I think that having parks and trees in the cities are good for regulating temperature.

Pollute.

All the wildlife is gone there, the plants are dead.

Energy consumption is one of the biggest polluters havoc on the planet right now, so I believe we need to be more into solar energy developments and industries.

The Environment is worsening so people are worrying about it.

I believe that air pollution is most harmful.

I think if people carelessly and just throw the rubbish away, this may cause some damage for our natural environment.

It's just not good obviously, it's devastating to see the effect it has had on the animals, and the plants, and it must also affect the residents living in the area.

It's just so polluted, I doubt there's any fish alive still in the water. it was really, really sad to see.

It's one of the most polluted places I've seen in quite a long time.

Pollution, nowadays is a lot more prevalent, and there's more of us, so we're creating more pollution.

Resource.

Governments should provide the infrastructure, such as the containers to segregate garbage.

I also try to use energy-efficient bulbs.

I also tried to conserve energy by switching off lights and appliances that were not in use.

I think recycling as a culture has definitely influenced the way we live.

I think that tide energy is an absolute plenitude of power which is completely unharnessed at present.

I think the most effective way to help Mother Earth is to reduce waste, so this is the most important.

If people would switch from traditional paper-based activities towards digital, it would help to reduce on using paper.

Save Money.

I save money by cutting unnecessary expenses.