Q: Describe an activity that you usually do that wastes your time. You should say: what it is? when do you usually do it? why do you do it? and explain why you think it wastes your time.

A: Some activities are unavoidable, even though they consume time. Most house chores like house cleaning, cloth washing, cooking, and so on take a lot of time. Today, I would like to talk about one activity that I consider the biggest time waster, which is Bean picking, that is, the process of separating chaff and stones from beans. I do this activity at least once a week because beans are my favorite food, and I cannot do without eating for a week. I do this because I do not want to eat stones with beans, as this can be dangerous to my health. Therefore, I take my time to carefully separate this dirt from the beans because if someone is not patient enough during the process, you might end up adding stones or other particles to the food since some of them are so tiny and difficult to find. I regard this activity as a waste of time because I spent several minutes on it, which I could have used to do something more productive.

Q: How do you balance work and life?

A: I do a few things to maintain a balance between work and life. Firstly, I always have a TODO list for the day and allocate a time frame for all tasks. I write out all my daily routines and other new tasks for the day and plan to achieve them in a way that will not affect my leisure time. Another way I strike a balance is that I do not bite more than I chew. I know my strengths and weaknesses, so I do not do more than my capacity. Finally, I do the right thing at the right time. That is, when it is time for work, I do not engage in any pleasurable activity, and when it is time for family and relaxation, I do not work.

Q: Will you continue doing something when you are aware that it wastes your time?

A: It depends on how important the activity is and the goal of performing such activity. If an activity is not important and avoidable, then I will not waste time on it. On the other hand, I will still spend time on important but time-consuming things such as house chores.

Q: What kind of things make people pressured?

A: Different things put people under pressure. Some people are pressured when an activity is time-bound, that is if they have a deadline to meet. Therefore they feel pressured. Fast-paced life also makes people pressured because, in this era, everybody is eager to achieve their goals quickly. Moreover, high expectations from society make someone pressured. For example, someone who occupies a vital societal position is expected to perform excellently. Hence, the thought of this usually puts such a person under pressure.

Q: Why do some people refuse to abide by the rules?

A: The reason why some people fail to obey rules is that they have antisocial personalities. That is, they are just non-compliant with laws and regulations in nature. However, some do not comply with regulations because the regulations are against their values and beliefs.