Q: Talk about a joke that made you laugh. You should say: Who told you a joke? When and where? What was the joke? Why did you find it interesting?

A: Well, if I talk about cracking some jokes and making people laugh, definitely. It is the hardest thing to do, especially since I am not good at that. It is not my cup of tea to laugh at someone and crack an excellent joke, but here is one of my friends who cracks a lot of jokes every time we meet him. He comes up with a new joke and a kind of sense of humor. Then we really enjoyed his company because he can make us laugh in the worst conditions as well because of his sense of humor and timing, which makes him a really kind of jolly person and there was a joke which he cracked recently when we sat and enjoyed our meal. He came up with a new joke, and we started listening to that joke. The joke was about a thief. The joke was that there was a time when one thief robbed the same house 19 times. After a great six-month Marathon, he finally ended up catching up when he went up to the courtroom for a fair trial. After some discussion, the judge asked the thief. Why was he robbed 19 times in the same house? The thief says that if every family has a family doctor or a family teacher. I am their family thief, and we started laughing very loudly when the line came up with the family thief. The other people are watching us, and I think this is the most hilarious and funniest joke. I have listened to it my entire life till now.

Q: What kinds of things make you laugh?

A: I can not say precisely what makes me laugh because diverse things make me laugh, depending on my emotions when the joke is cracked.

Q: Do you like making other people laugh?

A: Making someone laugh is an inestimable gift. Hence, I like to make people laugh because I know when I do, I might be saving a soul from depression. Also, laughter contributes to good health, so I want to be part of the story of making someone healthier.

Q: Do you think it's important for people to laugh?

A: Laughter is essential to living. Therefore, it is important for people to laugh because it makes someone look younger and promotes mental health by preventing depression.

Q: Is laughing the same as feeling happy, you think?

A: Laughing is not the same as feeling happy because laughter is just a reaction to a positive situation, while happiness is a positive emotional state.