Q: Describe an interesting discussion you had about how you spend your money. You should say: Who did you have the discussion with? Why do you discuss this topic? What was the result of the discussion was and explain why this discussion was interesting for you?

A: Well, this topic reminds me of the discussion between my mother and me about spending money. As for my mom, she is a middle-aged woman who is very good at managing money. What happened was that last holiday when I went back home. I asked my mom to lend me some money since I had almost run out of my salary for the month. At that time, she felt a little bit astonished for the reason that she thought I should be able to support myself since I had a rather decent job with a stable income. Then, she asked me how I spent my money. To be honest, I felt pretty embarrassed since I never thought about the question; instead, I spent my money in a casual way. My mom then shared her experience about saving money. She said that saving money was essential if I intended to live a more comfortable life. To be specific, I should keep track of my spending habits by recording daily expenses. She recommended several methods to me, including keeping a small notebook with me, or collecting receipts and classifying them at the end of the month, which can help me identify the problem area and adjust spending habits. To be honest, I didn't decide to take her advice; I listened and just wanted to please her. But when she mentioned the fact that she succeeded in saving more than one hundred thousand yuan in a year through the method. I was totally fascinated by it. Therefore, I was totally persuaded by my mom. And I also thought it was an impressive and unforgettable discussion since, at first, I refused to take her advice, but after being given examples, I was attracted by it. So I thought I not only learned methods to save money but also learned how to give a speech in a persuasive way.

Q: Why do some parents give their children money to spend each week?

A: Generally speaking, I suppose parents give their children money on a weekly basis mainly because they are willing to offer children money to buy snacks or breakfast, or in case the parents are tied up with work, children can buy dinner themselves. But more importantly, I believe that parents intend to cultivate their skills in money management, which is definitely beneficial for their kids.

Q: Do you agree that schools should teach children how to manage money?

A: Absolutely. Although at present, there are a few courses about money management at the majority of Chinese schools, I firmly believe that learning to manage money does good deeds for a person; it is no exaggeration to say that great money management skills can help a person live a better and more comfortable life. More importantly, if I child is good at managing money, I suppose the kid wouldn't waste money, or he or she is able to save money to achieve purchasing goals like a book, a toy, or even an electronic product by himself.

Q: Do you think it is a good idea for students to earn money while studying?

A: It depends. Generally speaking, I think it is reasonable for most university students to do a part-time job and earn money, for the reason that it has several merits. For example, the student can not only accumulate some practical social experience but also earn money to share the burden of his family. But as for most high school students or junior middle school students, I don't think it is beneficial for them to earn money since they may be distracted, and it would absolutely influence their academic performance, which is unworthy.

Q: Do you think it is true that in today's society, money cannot buy happiness?

A: Well, it really depends. According to Maslow's hierarchy of needs, the basic needs for a person should be Physiological needs; therefore, I don't think a person is delighted or happy without meeting their own basic needs, while money can be used to buy water, food, or help provide accommodation. Therefore, I suppose money can buy happiness for the poor. However, higher needs for a person are safety needs, love, and belonging. For this reason, I don't think money can buy love or self-esteem, thus it cannot help us buy true happiness.

Q: What are there in a society where the gap between rich and poor is very large?

A: I suppose that the most obvious demerit must be the fact that it is detrimental to the stability of society. For the reason that some people may envy the rich in a very negative and extreme way. Therefore, it's possible that they would have some antisocial behavior, thus influencing the safety and stability of society. As a result, it's indispensable for the government to take measures to shorten the gap between the rich and poor, for instance, providing job opportunities or pensions for the poor, collecting income tax from people with high salaries, and other effective measures. Otherwise, the huge gap between the rich and the poor must affect society in a negative way.

Q: Do you think richer countries have a responsibility to help poorer countries?

A: Personally speaking, I suppose so. For the reason that it is mutually beneficial. As for the less developed countries, I reckon that with the financial or technological help from richer countries, they are able to develop more efficiently and healthily, I mean, without causing much damage to the earth. On the other hand, the poorer countries can do their bit to take the responsibility of developing the earth, like protecting the environment and reducing pollution, from which the richer countries can benefit a lot as well.