Q: Talk about a bar of chocolate you didn't like. You should say: What was it? When do you taste it? What does it taste like? and explain why you didn't like it.

A: Well, people love to eat sweets in the form of chocolates more. I also have a sweet tooth, but I disdain to eat some kinds of chocolates that are much better. Here, I would like to speak about chocolate with a better taste, and it is Belgian chocolate. It was gifted to me by one of my friends, who had been living there, and he asked me for some kind of gifts to bring for me. I abruptly said For the country's sweets, and I was surprised that he would bring a box of chocolate for me when he reached to meet me. He gave me, and I opened the box. I was taken aback to see the decoration of the box. When I opened it, I found plenty of chocolates, and when he told me to taste it, I tasted it, but I was surprised to see that it was very good. It spoiled my taste, and I had not expected such a kind of chocolate because I had never consumed much bitter chocolate. I didn't say anything about it to my friend because I didn't want to dishearten my friend. So I took it warmly. I might say that there was a great inclusion of cocoa powder, and less sugar and milk made it more bitter. I thought of giving it to one of my friends, who has been a regular eater. Also, I disdain eating because it heightens my blood pressure, and since then, I have avoided eating it. So this was the chocolate that I didn't like.

Q: What are the facts about chocolate?

A: Well, chocolates are sweet and bitter to eat. These can change the mood of a person; if a person is depressed, then the person can be cheerful. Moreover, it is good for people who are suffering from lower blood pressure.

Q: Where does cocoa come from?

A: To the best of my knowledge, I guess it may come from the equatorial regions of America, to which many tropical fruits are also native.

Q: Why do people love chocolate so much?

A: I think it must be the bitterness and sweetness whetting one's appetite after a full meal or a snack before sleep. Also, it can be a remedy treatment for anxiety and nervousness for anyone who needs to stay calm before a red-letter day like an interview.

Q: Which type of chocolate do you like the most?

A: I love chocolate, having a balanced mixture of sweetness and bitterness. If one overwhelms the other, it can cause boredom and get on my nerves.

Q: Do children like to eat different chocolates?

A: Yes, of course, children like to eat different kinds of chocolates because they find chocolates tastier, and they like Dairy Milk, dark chocolates, and Kit Kat.

Q: Can you describe some popular flavors of chocolate?

A: Milk and dark chocolates are top of the most enjoyed flavors since these are the basic ones that can satisfy any taste, like the vanilla flavor in ice cream.

Q: What are some products that are made of chocolate?

A: First and foremost, it must be chocolate pies and cakes because those are enjoyed by people daily, regardless of any moderation. Secondly, chocolate milk is also worth mentioning due to its convenience, and can be a wake-up drink to stay awake for any sleepy people.

Q: Do people like chocolate cakes?

A: I think the pigs might fly if no one loves chocolate cake one day. Due to their sweetness and sourness, people can enjoy them without getting bored.

Q: Is it easy to make chocolate at home?

A: Yes, it is very easy now because of technology and the availability of varied ingredients. People can make it easily at home by following the instructions of expert mentors online.

Q: Why is chocolate the most preferred sweet worldwide?

A: Well, eating sweets before starting any new business is considered a good omen. If sweets are not available, a bite of them can work well. Moreover, the flavors, texture, and raisins attract people to eat it.