Q: Describe a time when you visited a friend or family member at their workplace. You should say: Who do you visit? Where did this person work? Why did you visit this person's workplace? And explain how you felt about visiting this person's workplace?

A: Speaking of a tie that I visited a friend at his workplace, I think it happened last month when I was having a business trip in Guangzhou. Actually, my friend's working place was quite special as she worked in a design studio and the creative designers designed this studio all by themselves. She sent me an invitation about one month earlier before my business trip, and I thought it was a precious chance for me to appreciate the fascinating and awesome interior design and decoration, thus I accepted her invitation without a second consideration. When entering the big gate, I was shocked by the 4000-square-foot space, which boasted flexible workspaces to encourage employee interaction and collaboration. Teamed with wooden decorations and cute chalkboards, it was an office everyone would love to work in. There were rooms to play sports, sing and dance, or get a massage. Also, it was equipped with a sky lounge and movie room where people can enjoy their private entertaining time. The main feature of the office design was the house-like pods, including fake grass and wood paneling. The company's public areas included some luxurious furniture as well as an open kitchen. It was such a thoughtful and considerate design that made me feel astonished. I am willing to be here again if I have the chance.

Q: What things make an office comfortable to work in?

A: As far as I'm concerned, a cozy office environment has to be equipped with places for staff to rest, such as a soft sofa and massage armchairs. Accordingly, the staff can get a good rest after arduous and exhausting work. Moreover, drinking fountains are of equal importance. Taking a few trips to the water fountain may refresh the staff to some extent.

Q: Why do some people prefer to work outdoors?

A: The working environment outdoor is far more attractive than the indoor environment. People can breathe fresher air and get closer to nature, at the same time, they feel more at ease when sitting outdoors compared with the constraints and intense indoor working environment. Furthermore, the chirping of birds and the croaking of frogs always make people feel delighted.

Q: Do you agree that the building people work in is more important than the colleagues they work with?

A: I suppose I totally agree with this idea. In current society, there is a working mode called "SOHO", which means small office and home office. People now can finish tasks assigned by their boss by using their own laptops at their own living places without colleagues around them. The building is like a shelter, which ensures working efficiency regardless of wind and rain. As a result, the building people work in a more crucial.

Q: What would life be like if people didn't have to work?

A: I suppose that our society would be a mess. Just imagine, if people didn't work, they would have much free time to do whatever they want. Consequently, there will be more social problems. What's more, men will be lazier and lazier and gradually lose the ability for mental or physical work. Besides, people will form the value of reaping without sowing, which is harmful to our society.

Q: Are all jobs of equal importance?

A: Surely. Every job is a significant component of our society no matter how humble or how noble it is. Our lives won't be better if there aren't jobs like dustmen and builders. They create equal social values compared with the people who are brainworkers. Everyone should pay equal respect to the ones who work hard and make contributions to our society.

Q: Why do some people become workaholics?

A: Our society is developing faster and faster. Sometimes, people suffer from too much workload, and they have lots of deadlines for various tasks. Thus, they have to choose to work really hard in order to meet the boss's demands. On the other hand, maybe they want to create more value both for the company and for themselves. Being a workaholic, it might be quicker and easier for them to achieve and realize their personal goals.