Q: Talk about an international problem. You should say: what is it? what are the effects of this problem? what are the causes of this problem?

A: Indeed, these days, using plastic polythene bags is escalating at an alarming rate globally. There are many instances when they become prey to grave trouble due to excessive usage of plastic bags. However, today, I would like to shed some light on the trouble at the international level, which is none other than utilizing plastic bags rather than paper, even though most of the masses know about the detrimental effects of plastic. It is non-biodegradable waste; however, they prefer polythene bags to carry vegetables from the market because of their convenience. I vividly reminisce that the World Health Organization also announced many alternatives for avoiding the usage of polythene and spreading awareness among society residents about its detrimental effect on individual mental health. Furthermore, sometimes cows also become victims of losing their life expectancy after eating polythene bags. What is more, plastic products are non-biodegradable waste. In other words, it doesn't decompose; therefore, after the masses burn it, they spread harmful gases into the environment. So due to the rate of global warming increasing at the international level and the chances of rainfall besides this. This is a pressing concern among individuals in the community, and it can be easily mitigated if the administration of all nations and residents puts their best effort into reducing plastic usage. It will be a win-win situation for the individual of the country, and it will be a red-letter day for me when this grave issue is resolved. To cut a long story short, this is a global issue that is increasing these days.

Q: What are the most pressing global issues today?

A: That's an interesting question. There are umpteen of issue which is recently become pressing firstly usage of polythene rather than paper secondly pollution is also escalating these days due to excessive use of personal vehicles.

Q: How do international organizations address global issues?

A: Well, globally, companies mitigate by using various methods. For instance, by taking the assistance of the government, they will spread awareness among individuals and impose strict laws among community residents.

Q: What role do individual countries play in addressing global issues?

A: Indeed, individuals perform many roles in my country as good, responsible citizens. Even if you talk about myself, I avoid the usage of plastic bottles and so on and utilize public transport rather than a personal vehicle.

Q: How do international relations impact global issues?

A: Undoubtedly, international relations between import and export have a harmful impact because of global conflict. Apart from that, sometimes, after fighting with the neighboring country, the trade is also avoided by them.

Q: How can individuals get involved in addressing global issues?

A: Well, it varies from person to person. There are numerous ways to get involved in addressing global issues. If I talk about myself being a responsible citizen, I spread awareness among citizens of the nation. Moreover, I also prefer to utilize environmentally friendly products.