Access.

I believe access should be carefully managed but not entirely restricted.

City.

Guangzhou has changed into an open and modern metropolis.

Guangzhou is one of the ancient Chinese cities.

Guangzhou is the cultural center of Guangdong province.

It's the ultimate megacity.

Modern cities vary from old cities in architecture and public areas due to technological advances and changing societal needs.

Community.

The group of the old and the young definitely requires more support in a community.

There are so many different ways in which people can adapt to assist their communities.

Layout.

Life in a city with its numerous supermarkets is much more convenient.

Most of the office buildings in Guangzhou have a glass surface.

The fast-developing Guangzhou is building more and more skyscrapers.

Living.

With a mild climate and beautiful scenery, Guangzhou is an ideal living place.

Planning.

Planning plays a part and parcel role in every person's life, which is why planning is so critical in time management.

Urban planning that involves zoning regulations can help designate areas for historical preservation while allowing newer construction in appropriate places.

When building new neighborhoods and apartments in the city center, it is essential to consider green space accessibility, sustainability, and safety. 

Population.

Guangzhou has a population of 20 million people.

Public service.

Common public services that should be free include health care and education, public transportation, and sanitation.

Free public services ensure that all citizens have access to fundamental needs, promoting a healthier and more equitable society.

Rent.

It is quite easy to find a place to settle down in Guangzhou.

People renting a place to live can move to a new place whenever they want.

Traffic.

Today's services like Advanced Public Transportation are available, which didn't exist one hundred years ago.

Traffic has become an increasingly difficult problem in Guangzhou.