Q: Describe an interesting historic place. You should say: What is it? Where is it located? What you can see there now, and explain why this place is interesting.

A: When it comes to an interesting historic place, I think the one I want to talk about is the Yellow Crane Tower, which is located on Snake Hill in Wuhan, Hubei Province. Enjoying the fame of 'The Umber one Scenery', it is one of the most renowned towers in China. There were even poems about it, which made the Tower induce people to visit. The Yellow Crane Tower offers visitors an abundance of things to see. The exhibit on each floor has a theme, for example, the theme of the first floor is about legend. The third floor mainly shows poems written to praise the tower in different dynasties. On top of the tower, visitors are treated to a fabulous panoramic view of the three gorges. They are located along the Yangtze River. And known for its magnificence and famed for its deep valley and quiet beauty. 

Q: How do people in your country feel about protecting historic buildings?

A: Some people consider it to be essential as historic buildings are not only architecture; they represent glorious times in the past. They can help children understand how the city has changed. And those buildings are also good resources for tourism, which may attract visitors to come.

Q: Do you think an area can benefit from having an interesting historic place locally? In what way?

A: Definitely yes! Interesting historic places may attract people to visit, which can strengthen local cultures by encouraging an awareness of tradition and the ceremonies and festivals that go with it. And on top of it, citizens would be proud of being locals because of those famous historic places.

Q: What do you think will happen to historic places or buildings in the future? Why?

A: Historic buildings thrive on tourism. These cultural locations enjoy great success with the money, attention, and respect brought by tourism. Every advantage brings with it real disadvantages and vice versa. Despite the fact that tourists can cause serious damage to fragile places, they love to visit them. So maybe it's time for people to figure out a way to solve this dilemma.

Q: How were you taught history when you were at school?

A: Well...actually...I majored in art, and history is my favorite subject. Though it's kind of boring in some ways, as you've got to do a lot of note-taking and memorizing, I was absolutely amazed by it. Before lectures, I would do a little bit of information collecting to prepare some basic knowledge, and after classes, I would do two or three rounds of revision for each lesson. I could always get very high scores on all kinds of history tests.

Q: Are there other ways people can learn about history, apart from school? How?

A: Certainly, there is mix variety of different ways to learn about history. For adults, they could go traveling when they're free. In fact, as the old saying goes, Seeing is believing, People should appreciate ancient historical places with their own eyes instead of only reading about them in plain textbooks. And also, people can use the internet and magazines to get them into history more easily.

Q: Do you think history will still be a school subject in the future? Why?

A: It will be. I've never doubted that. Only by knowing about the history of your country, you understand why you are here and what you are going to be in the future. People should view the day's happenings in order to find a better way to deal with the problem tomorrow.
