Q: What's your full name?

A: My full name is He Han Jing, but please just call me by my English nickname Harry.

Q: Who gave you your name?

A: My father gave me my name.

Q: Does your name have any particular (or special) meaning?

A: my name consists of an ancient king's name: hanjing, and my family name he. I think my father hopes me to have great success with these names.

Q: Do you like your name?

A: I quite like my name, and I don't think that anyone else in China has the same name. It's part of my identity, and it is meaningful to me.

Q: Is your name common or unusual in your country?

A: Well, my name is quite commonly used in my country, and via checking the information about my name on a popular website called Baidu. I know there are many people who have the same name with me.

Q: If you could change your name, would you?

A: Not really. The reason is that my name has accompanied me for more than thirty years, and I often feel my name brings certain good fortune to me. 

Q: In your country, do people feel that their name is very important?

A: In my country, individuals pay great attention to their names because they believe that suitable names will bring them good fortune.

Q: Who usually names babies in your country?

A: In China, I believe that fathers are in the position of naming their children. Sometimes they will look through the Chinese Dictionary to see the meaningful words for their children.

Q: What names are most common in your hometown?

A: I think it must be Jianguo and Hongjun; this usually with some political meanings.

Q: How do you feel when people can't remember your name?

A: I feel super bad. If someone couldn't even remember my name, the person must be not that interested in me.

Q: Do you often forget people's names?

A: It depends. I can remember a name easily when the person's name is easy to read. However, it's quite difficult for me to remember some long names, like Muhammad and then.

Q: How do you remember people's names?

A: When I enter a conversation actively seeking the other person's name, I repeat the name to myself while looking at their face.