Q: Describe a film or movie actor from your country who is very popular. You should say: who this actor is? what kinds of films or movies does he or she act in? what did you know about this actor's life? and explain why this actor is so popular?

A: As a moviegoer, I would like to talk about my favorite movie star Zhou Runfa, who is one of the most talented actors I've seen. He acts in many different genres of movies, including kung fu films and crime films. I'm a big fan of him because he is such a professional actor who has taken part in many popular films. As a celebrity, he is really into his career. What makes me say so lies in a movie he cast called "Hidden Dragon". In that movie, he played the role of a Kong Fu master. In order to give a better performance, he started to learn Chinese Kong Fu and reached a high grade. Needless to say, the film was well-received and he was especially rewarded. He is prevailing not only because of his success in his vocation but also due to his sense of responsibility for his family. We can hardly hear any gossip about him. He also shows us that it is important to make a balance between career and family life.

Q: What are the most popular types of films in your country?

A: Well, it really depends. Basically, men prefer science fiction films, such as 2012 or Avatar. Women are really into romance, which can comfort their hearts. But for children, they are keen on Cartoons. Mainly because they make them dream.

Q: What is the difference between watching a film in the cinema and watching a film at home?

A: Well, the differences are as follows. Firstly, if you watch a movie at home, it is controllable. You can stop the scene for a moment or even go back to special scenarios several times, which is impossible if you see a great movie in the cinema. Secondly, it is more comfortable to watch a movie at home, you can sit on the couch or lie on the bed, but you can only sit on a chair in the cinema.

Q: Do you think cinemas will close in the future?

A: Well, I'm afraid not. As we all know, people can be offered wonderful audio and visual enjoyment in the cinema. It stands for a kind of tradition and culture. Without cinema, people would have fewer and fewer places to get relaxation of mind and body.

Q: How important is the theatre in your country's history?

A: I would like to say that theater plays an important role in Chinese history. Hundreds of years ago, our ancestors used theaters as places to enjoy traditional operas in different genres, which was a major entertaining place at that time. When it comes to modern society, traditional operas are dwindling while movies are thriving, consequently, theaters become a place where people can have visual enjoyment and wind down.

Q: How strong a tradition is it today in your country to go to the theatre?

A: It is still mainstream for Chinese individuals to go to the theater, especially when some blockbusters are released, like Speed and Furious. They technically, we are not doing exactly what our ancestors did. They used to go to the theater to watch traditional opera, thus we actually innovated their way of entertainment. 
