Q: Describe a time when you were asked to give your opinion in a questionnaire or survey. You should say: what the questionnaire or survey was about? Why were you asked to give your opinions? What opinions did you give? and explain how you felt about giving your opinions in this questionnaire or survey.

A: Normally, questionnaires or surveys are done in three ways: firstly, online random computer surveys; secondly, surveys to be answered by post; thirdly, being questioned in the street to get a random sample for a survey. I hate the last of these three because I find them intrusive, and I always seem to be approached when I am rushing for a bus. Other questionnaires I can choose to answer or not. The last survey I took part in was when I was shopping; it was a survey about which chocolate products I would buy and which I would not buy. I think I was chosen because I was just walking along and window-shopping, so the questioner assumed that I had time to answer her questions. I was asked 'When did you buy chocolate' and 'Were you influenced by advertising or packaging'. I was also asked whether price or quality was the most important to me. I answered the questions, saying that I would prefer to have a little of very good chocolate rather than a lot of cheaper chocolate and that good chocolate did not need to be attractively packaged in order to sell well. I did not mind answering the questions because I like chocolate and I had time to spare. I also knew that I would get a voucher from the questionnaire to get some free chocolate.

Q: What kinds of organizations want to find out about people's opinions?

A: There are a variety of people who might use surveys to find out public opinion. Television companies would like to know what you watch and why you watch it, so that they can get their viewing figures. Food manufacturers want to know what you eat and why, so that they can increase their share of the market, and political parties would love to know who you are going to vote for, so that they know what their election chances are.

Q: Do you think that questionnaires or surveys are good ways of finding out people's opinions?

A: If the sample of people questioned is genuinely random and includes all social groups, then in theory surveys ought to be an accurate forecast of what is going to happen, but sometimes surveys are wildly inaccurate in their predictions. I believe that there are two reasons for this: the first reason is that people may give the answer that they believe the questioner wants, and secondly, the person may choose to hide what they really think.

Q: What reasons might people have for not wanting to give their opinions?

A: People may not wish to have their political opinions recorded or their opinions about the government or the police, so they just give bland general replies that attract no attention. In countries like the U.K., for example, where there are laws against making racial comments, people would be unwilling to state that much of the violent crime and stabbings are done by new immigrant ethnic groups, despite the fact that statistical evidence would support this.

Q: Do you think it would be a good idea for schools to ask students their opinions about lessons?

A: It might be useful to do this to find out whether lessons were too long or too short or whether being taught strictly according to the syllabus, but it would not be useful if it resulted in lessons having to conform to an enforced pattern, because teaching and learning are creative processes, requiring interaction at various levels to succeed.

Q: What would the advantages for schools be if they asked students for their opinions?

A: The advantages would depend on the nature of the replies the students gave. If the given answer were merely an opportunity to attack some teachers, then such a questionnaire would have little value. At the same time, given opinions might raise certain questions about the suitability of some staff for certain subjects and alert senior staff to junior staff weaknesses, so they could be helped.

Q: Would there be any disadvantages in asking students' opinions?

A: Sadly, students would award high marks to teachers who entertained their students and required little work from them. The teachers who really cared about their students and worked hard for the benefit of the students' futures might score badly in student opinion surveys. At my university, I had a brilliant lecturer called Professor Hammersley, who would speak without notes and whose lectures showed brilliant insight and often radical interpretations. In students' opinion surveys, he scored poorly because the students wanted lists they could memorize for exams. Years later, I still look at the notes I was able to take, and the ideas are still inspiring.




