Q: Describe a complaint you made and that you were satisfied with the results. You should say: When did it happen? Who did you complain about it to? What did you complain about, and explain why you were happy with the result?

A: I went to a store to purchase some items for my new rented apartment since I just moved to a different city. At the supermarket, I was looking for big trolleys to use for shopping, but I could not find any. I asked an attendant, and she said they do not have trolleys, only small baskets. I asked to speak with the manager in charge of the supermarket, and I told him how disappointed I was and expressed my displeasure about the issue, and how using small baskets would be stressful while shopping. He pleaded with me and assigned two people to help with the baskets once they were filled. I completed my shopping and left. Before I felt it, the supervisor promised that they would make provisions for trolleys within the coming week, and he apologized for the inconvenience. Two weeks later, I returned to the store and found that trolleys had been provided. I was elated because the use of trolleys will ease shopping for people who are buying a variety of items that will not fit into small baskets. I approached the manager and appreciated his listening to my complaint and implementing my recommendation.

Q: When do people usually complain?

A: Most people complain when they have high hopes or expectations about someone or something, and that thing or person does not live up to their expectations. However, it is the nature of some people to complain about things. You can never satisfy their wants, and I try as much as possible to avoid such individuals.

Q: Can complaining help solve problems?

A: I believe complaints only bring to light an inherent problem, but they do not solve the problem identified. Making recommendations when complaining can help identify how to solve the problem.

Q: What other measures should you take to solve the problem rather than complain?

A: Rather than complaining, I believe a review of a product or service is a way to identify problems and seek means to solve them. Moreover, asking questions about a product helps in the identification of an inherent problem, and possible solutions can be researched.

Q: What kind of people complain?

A: There are a number of types of complaints, for example. Police complaints, product and service complaints, and most importantly, teacher and parent complaints about the students.

Q: Do you think customers' complaints will improve products or services?

A: Yes, I do! I believe customers are the real pentesters for any product. Because they use it on a daily basis, if they face any type of issue with the product, they directly report it to the company, and the company tries to fix it and upgrade their product error-free.