Q: Talk about a time when you returned something you bought to the shop. What was it? When and where was it? Why did you decide to return it? What happened with the item in the end?

A: I just returned a PlayStation 4 console to a shop called MediaStop, just last week. I bought the PS4 two weeks, just two weeks earlier, and I was because as I mentioned, I like to play video games after work. And, I was so excited to bring it home. PS4 is Sony's video game computer that hooks up the TV and plays hundreds of incredible games. It has also features like playing movies and surfing the net. In fact, I was so excited to get it home that didn't really pay too much attention to checking out what I was buying before taking the box out of the store. Had I done so, I would've realized the box was quite damaged on one side. Anyhow, when unpacking, I was hopeful the console by itself remained intact. At first glance, it didn't look damaged. So I hooked up it on the TV, and I put in FIFA 2019, a popular football game. That's when I realized not everything is as should be. The console made some really strange noise while reading the game discs, as well the screen did not properly display images. There was quite a bit of distortion and white noise. After one hour of troubleshooting, I realized there was not really much I could do to order than take the console back to the store. Fortunately, customer service at MwdiaStop was quite good, and they exchanged my PS4 for a new one. I suppose the damaged unit must be, have been sent to Sony for refurbishing. Either way, in the end, I was satisfied. 

Q: Why is it important for customers to be happy with the services and products that they buy?

A: The obvious reason that shopper must be satisfied with their purchases, is so that they feel fairly compensated for their hard-earned money. For the retailers, this is important for maintaining reputation and building their business. 

Q: Can you give some examples?

A: Certainly. A lot of people complain about food quality at McDonald's, yet there are still millions of people who eat burgers each day. Because they feel they're getting delicious, if not healthy burgers for very cheap. I know I like a Big Mac every now and again. And in this way, McDonald's is a very successful franchise. 

Q: How can companies make sure that their merchandise and services are well-received by their clientele?

A: I believe that customer feedback is critical in making sure that the products and services are well-received. I know many companies, many online companies like Google as well as a physical store like MediaStop, which I mentioned earlier, really push their satisfaction survey, so they can fine-tune their retailer strategies. 

Q: Do these always work?

A: I'll be cautious to claim that they always work, but I do think is an effective approach to making sure that clients are happy.

Q: How have customer service relations improved with technology?

A: Oh, it does change a tonne. Just the effectiveness of a digital terminal at a cashier, which speeds up transactions has saved a lot of transactions over the years. 

Q: Can you elaborate?

A: Yes, of course. When I took my PS4 back to MediaStop, a customer service agent just scanned my digital receipt and exchanged the item, without me having to wait to fill out a bunch of papers. 

Q: If a person buys a defective product, what options do they usually get from stores to remedy the situation?

A: The most common possibility when buying broken products, like my PS4, is to get them back to the shop for an exchange. Or people can get their money back. And in some cases, they have the option to get it fixed under warranty.

Q: Are all of these always available?

A: Although these options are really available, not every store or product has such protection. Therefore, customers should always be aware of their purchases, especially when buying used products.

Q: Why might it be a bad idea to continue using a product even if it has a manufacturing defect?

A: Some products may be very dangerous if they are defective, especially ones with moving parts. Take a blender for instance, would be a really bad idea to use it if is not working as should be because a person could be badly injured or even die.

Q: Are there any exceptions to this?

A: Yes, I suppose if the defect is just cosmetic, like a scratch on the surface or my PS4, it will be okay. Unfortunately, this wasn't the case with me.





