Q: Describe a writer you would like to meet. You should say: who the writer is? what do you know about this writer already? What you would like to find out about him or her? and explain why you would like to meet this writer?

A: The writer who I am really into is a popular novelist in my country, Liu Zhenyun. He is nearly 60 years old, and he has been a writer for over 40 years, and of course, he has published quite many novels. Meanwhile, he also focuses on the creation of film scripts, by which he is renowned to people, especially young people. Most of his works describe stories about real life that average people can experience every day. The main characters of his books are usually grass-rooted ones and small potatoes in our society, which makes his works relatively close to people's real lives.  While reading his books, readers always feel as if the books are talking about stories of themselves or some of their friends or colleagues. That is why he is called one of the greatest novelists of realistic literature in China. Having read some of his works, I became quite curious about him, especially about what he had experienced. What I mean is that life experience must be something significant for writers. Therefore, I seriously want to uncover the life he has. Famous novelist and scriptwriter as he is, what I am sure is that he must have a very simple and easy life not like other celebrities. I really want to find out whether I am right or not. I am a guy who likes telling stories to others, and to be a writer used to be my dream while I was in middle school. I was defeated by reality, but if possible, to be a part-time one is also what I want to do. If meeting him, I will certainly have many questions about his work. If he would like to give me some suggestions for becoming a writer, I will be moved into tears.

Q: What kinds of books are most popular with children in your country? Why do you think that is?

A: Although parents and educators want children to read something educational and homiletic, in fact, what the children often read is books that are fairly entertaining. Hence, comics are the most popular reading materials for children no matter whether parents and teachers like that or not. The reason why I have this idea is that I can often see many children reading these comics on their cell phones on public transport. And by the way, the paper book is something totally ignored.

Q: Why do you think some children do not read books very often?

A: So many distractions nowadays keep children away from their desks. To kill their spare time, children have quite many other choices which are usually more attractive compared with reading. 

Q: How do you think children can be encouraged to read more?

Q: Are there any occasions when reading at speed is a useful skill to have? What are they?

Q: Are there any jobs where people need to read a lot? What are they?

Q: Do you think that reading novels is more interesting than reading factual books? Why is that?

