Q: Describe a person who has done a lot of work to help people. You should say: Who is this person, or was? Where does this person live or live? What has he or she done to help people? and explain how you know about this person.

A: I've chosen to talk about my previous next-door neighbor, Mrs. Wang. We lived in the same building when I was in primary school. I haven't seen her since I moved out of that community years ago. I can remember her really well, though. Physically, she was quite ordinary: she was about average height, plump, with shoulder-length hair. Although her face looked younger than how you would expect for a person of her age, I would say about 40 years old, she had wrinkles around her eyes. It's probably because she smiled a lot. She was a full-time housewife, but she always kept herself busy. You could see her helping in the neighborhood all the time. Sometimes she helped young couples babysit their children, and sometimes she took care of the elderly. When my parents had to work overtime in the evening, they just called Mrs. Wang, and I always ended up having a wonderful dinner with her family. Mrs. Wang did all the good deeds without asking for any return. She really did have a heart of gold. I'm sure I'll never forget her because she showed me how much happiness you can get from helping others.

Q: What are some of the ways people can help others in the community? Which is the most important?

A: There are children in need of food and shelter just to survive all over the world, including my country. To help these children, a series of actions should be taken, such as donating food, clothes, and other daily necessities, fundraising for their education, etc. More importantly, we can start right now by being volunteers, helping children in migrant workers' schools all over the city.

Q: Why do you think some people like to help other people?

A: Helping others establishes a social bond between individuals and the group. When you help someone in need, you show your encouragement, compassion, and care to others. In return, you can get a sense of fulfillment and happiness. We all experience ups and downs in life, and we all hope that when we're down, someone can lend a hand. That's why we need to start giving first. 

Q: Some people say that people help others in the community more now than they did in the past. Do you agree or disagree? Why?

A: I don't think people now help in the community more than they did in the past. People are social animals with the basic notion that if you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours. However, with the exposure of several cases in the media where people helping others got accused as the ones who hurt others, we become reluctant to offer our help even if we want to, just because we're afraid that we won't get anything in return or even get blamed for doing so.

Q: What types of services, such as libraries or health centers, are available to the people who live in your area? Do you think there are enough of them?

A: In my area, we've got a public garden with body-building apparatus. But during the busy hour, which is usually the time after dinner, there's always a long queue lined up for it. Apparently, there's not enough of them. We have a pretty good community clinic, though. It is open 24/7 with welcoming and professional doctors and nurses.

Q: Which groups of people generally need the most support in a community? Why?

A: The group of the old and the young definitely requires more support in a community. They're physically vulnerable and lack the ability to work. The other groups that need more attention are the handicapped people. Their physical disabilities demand more assistance, both psychologically and materially.

Q: Who do you think should pay for the services that are available to the people in a community? Should it be the government or individual people?

A: It is the government's responsibility to invest in social services, but we individuals cannot leave the burden alone to the government. Public donations could also be beneficial supplements to government funding, which plays an important supporting role in the system.