Q: Describe a water sport you want to try in the future. You should say: With whom do you want to go? When do you want to go? What do you want to do?

A: I'm living in Guangzhou city, and despite having many beach areas, I haven't tried any water sports in my life. However, I plan to try different kinds in the future. Here, I would like to talk about one water sport that I am planning to do soon, which is whitewater rafting. This sport is very popular among Chinese people, and I heard about it from a friend who had already done it twice during vacations in the Nansha District. In Nansha District, there are many places where you can go whitewater rafting. After hearing about this from my friend, I became very excited to try it, and I also asked my friend to join me. We have already planned to go in the summer because it's more enjoyable then. I read a review about this sport, and many people say it's very risky, but at the same time, it is also enjoyable. Moreover, we also practiced at a nearby training center. They teach people how to control a boat because this sport requires coordination among all eight participants. Additionally, my friend and I decided that we would go next summer after achieving our desired band score in our IELTS exam.

Q: What kind of personality should a person have to be able to take risks?

A: A person needs to be very brave and experienced in that particular field. An individual needs to have no personality-like thrill to face the consequences of any specific action. I see a person who needs to take a risk and has a calm personality as well as intelligence.

Q: Do adventures expand your horizons?

A: Yes, adventures can expand my horizons by exposing me to new people, places, and cultures; they can also help me learn new skills and develop my self-confidence. When I travel to new places, I can expose myself to two different ways of life and other perspectives.

Q: What kind of people love adventure? What specific age group?

A: I think people with thrilling personalities and who want to explore new places love adventure, as well as people who want to interact with different kinds of personalities, and especially young people love adventure because, with their physical fitness, they can do any adventurous activity, and at their age, they do not have many more responsibilities.

Q: Which one is more interesting, adventure stories in the books or adventure films?

A: Adventurous films are more interesting because you can see visually and perfectly what types of activities are awarded and feel them by watching them in a movie. On the other hand, people who love reading books can feel the adventure, but not as much as adventurous movies.