Q: Describe a child that you know. You should say: who this child is and how often do you see him or her? how old this child is? what he or she is like? and explain what you feel about this child?

A: Talking about a child I know, I would like to tell you about my daughter. Her name is YIYI and she is an adorable girl. We just celebrated his two-year birthday this February. He has short curly hair, very white and smooth skin, with sparking eyes. Everyone loves her because she has a big smile on his face all the time. She's really a little angel in my eye. In terms of personality, YIYI is curious and wants to know the reasons for everything. Sometimes we run out of explanations, so we have to ask him to look for answers by asking an AI assistant like XiaoDu. By the way, I don't know why she is always full of energy. YIYI doesn't like to stay at home and she is enthusiastic about every outside activity. She enjoys driving his small bike and sometimes playing hide-and-seek with other kids which is his favorite game. She's really adorable and sweet. We all feel blessed to have him around.

Q: How much time do children spend with their parents in your country? Do you think that is enough?

A: Well, when it comes to how much time children spend with their parents in China, actually, it's hard to say, but I can talk about what is happening to my aunt's boy. I found that he seldom has time to actually spend some quality time with his parents, for example, having a trip together, or watching a football game at weekends. He is just too busy in studying, which is kind of an invisible burden on him. You probably know that Chinese education is well-known for a title called an examination-oriented system. Actually, my aunt's boy is just a sample of billions of Chinese children. As for whether I think the time is enough, the answer is definitely not enough. Schooling is not everything. Parenting also plays an indispensable part in education. You know that good family parenting can nurture our children to be virtuous, industrious, optimistic, faithful, and spending time with parents is the only way to achieve these I guess.

Q: How important do you think spending time together is for the relationships between parents and children? Why?

A: Well, as far as I am concerned, parenting is a top priority during a child's adolescence. What I mean is that parenting has greater importance than schooling, even though schooling is also critical in someone's life. In China we believe that parents are the first teachers of the children, so the more time you spend with your children, the more life lessons your children will gain. Actually, I always believe that the best qualities children have are given by their parents, such as humility, optimism, and generosity. Finally, I want to stress that spending more time with your children promotes more chances to nurture your children to be a great man.

Q: Have relationships between parents and children changed in recent years? Why do you think that is?

A: Actually, it is obvious that the relationships between parents and children have certainly changed a lot in recent years in China. You know the relationships between parents and children used to be imperative in the past time. I mean "You do what you are told", the children had no right to argue with their parents. Honestly, I used to be one of the victims of this situation. Well, today this situation is getting better. The relationships between parents and children are more like friendship. I mean lot of parents today can listen to their children's thoughts and even prepare to make a compromise, which was impossible back to decades ago. As for the reasons for this change, I guess the main one is that parents today can receive higher education than their counterparts in the past time, which means they know the importance of respecting others, even respecting their children.

Q: What are the most popular free-time activities with children today?

A: Well, it is hard to say, but generally speaking, it depends on different age groups. I would like to say that the majority of high school children tend to join some school organizations. For instance, my close-door neighbor who is a high school student is a member of two school organizations if I remember correctly. So you can figure out that their after-school life is extremely rich. Whereas the children in primary school, are normally too young to arrange activities by themselves. Parents often take them to have some educational visits, such as museums or zoos where they can have much knowledge and fun.

Q: Do you think the free-time activities children do today are good for their health? Why is that?

A: I can't give you an absolute answer actually, because whether the free-time activities are good for children's health or not really depends on what the activities are. For example, some sedentary activities are not good for children's health, such as surfing the internet all day long or watching TV immoderately. But, when it comes to some active things, such as taking part in sports or having some educational visits, I firmly believe that they are extremely beneficial to children's health.

Q: How do you think children's activities will change in the future? Will this be a positive change?

A: Nobody can foresee the future, but I can just predict that children's activities in the future might be more "hi-tech". What I mean is that various electronic items may occupy children's lives. Actually, we can see a clue from the situation today. I believe that the iPad and Sony PlayStation console will become their intimate friends. They will spend their entire free time playing with these things. This might be absolutely a negative change from my point of view. On the one hand, it could be physically harmful to the children. On the other hand, the children will become machines if they "hang out" with these machines all day long. So, parents and schools should try their best to guide the children on the right track.


