I like that it's really spacious and bright.

I think in China, the most interesting building is the Great Wall, which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World.

It's a really, really well-built building as well, so it's really quiet and peaceful.

The outside of my home is light blue and the inside walls are eggshell white as this makes the room feel brighter and gives a sense of cleanliness.

It is relatively a new building that was established and constructed at the end of the 20th century, so it is a couple of decades old.

Decorate.

I like that it is nicely decorated according to my taste.

I think this it is very important to have plants in the house, because every house feels fresher when there are plants around.

Floor.

Because it's on the 7th floor, it has a great view, and I can see the garden which makes me really relaxed.

Museum.

I learned a lot from the trip to the museum.

I prefer to go to history museums.

Most of the museums in China cost little in tickets.

Museums are supposed to be given much support from the government.

Museums often hold exhibitions of great works of art.

The museum has become an important educational base for students.

The museum is another place for us to gain knowledge.

The museum is the most impressive one that I have ever seen.

The Palace Museum has a rich collection of antiques.

Visiting museums could help broaden our horizons.

Structure.

A room facing south enjoys good daylight.

I would be happier if I had another bookshelf in my room.

I'd like to have a room with a view while staying in a hotel.

It is a simply furnished room with little furniture.

My favorite room I would say is the living room, because there are a large space.

Nowadays people like to live in a big bedroom with a bathroom attached to it.

Some green plants could liven up the whole room.

The apartment has two bedroom, a living room and an kitchen.

The painting on the wall creates some ambiance ins the little room.

Villa.

Most of the landlords in old China own a big mansion.

Wealthy people enjoy spending their vacations in their villas in the countryside.