Q: Describe an old object that your family has kept for a long time. You should say: what is the object? where did your family get it from? how long has it been in your family?

A: In the family, we don't have an object that was passed down from our ancestors. But we have recipes that we only use in our kitchen, so I can say it is from one ancestry. The thing that was passed down was a recipe for sweets and how to make special items like Shiro. It has been kept from work, yeah, father's times and my grandmother makes for my father, and also my mother makes me for me. It is taking that only we cook for some events, like Diwali-type occasions, and also for some special events, like weddings. It is fast-term from generation to generation, and my own cultural family also has things like my uncles and aunties. It is very good in taste, and I never tasted this type of sweet on the other side of the world. So I can see it is very spiritual and very special. This is also my favorite TZ because we always eat at the end of a meal, so I can say it is the only thing that we have in our family. This recipe was made by my great-grandmother when the family was not financially stable, and at that time, we only had ingredients to make low-level food. My great-grandmother always made that dish for my grandfathers.

Q: Which do you think are better, old things or new things?

A: I think it depends upon a thing, an object. If the object is very old, that item is very emotionally connected to people because it's very old. Also, for some people who love modern items, they love modern things. I think an old item has a whole lot more value than a modern one because some people say old is gold.

Q: Besides family photographs, what are some other things that people keep in their family for a long time?

A: There are also some other things that people have kept in their family for a long time. Such as jewelry that they bought from their ancestors. And also some other things like watches and some other objects that are very valuable for the family.

Q: In your culture, what sorts of things do people often pass down from generation to generation? (why?)

A: China is a diverse country with different cultures. But in my culture, people pass down precious items, like jewelry, that have been kept for a very long time. People pass down the properties and other things for the children that they made for their entire lives.

Q: Why do you think people keep these things?

A: I think people are very emotional with things; that's why they keep that thing for a long time. These people are very emotionally connected to these items because their ancestors somehow bought them and their memories, and for some people, they are very precious.

Q: What are the benefits of keeping some old things in the family?

A: There are many benefits to keeping this thing. This is a good thing because it is valuable in the international market, so if these things are sold in the market, they are worth millions. And it will help some families who are financially unstable to they can sell these valuable items.

Q: Do you think it's good to recall the past?

A: Yes, it is good to record the past because we can learn from our past mistakes. This is beneficial for our present. If we look at our past, then we can see what type of mistakes we or other people made so we can solve them in the present.