Q: Describe a game or sport you enjoy playing. You should say: What kind of game or sport it is? Who do you play it with? Where do you play it? And explain why you enjoy playing it.

A: Swimming is my favorite sport. I think it is one of the best forms of physical exercise and a versatile sport. It's also a marvelous way to unwind and keep fit. I often go swimming in a fitness club near my home with my friends or my parents. I think it's a popular sport because all people can do it, you know, kids, elderly people, young folks or even babies. Apart from a formfitting bathing suit or bathing trunks, you need no other special equipment for swimming. What you need to do is just to overcome your fear of water. I learned swimming when I was a school child. It was really an exciting and interesting experience. When I was in the water, I screamed and struggled as if being mad. Fortunately, I had a patient coach, who gave me lots of encouragement and guidance. He instructed me how to keep the best possible position by getting the body straight and long. Then he taught me the fundamentals of breathing patterns above and under water. When I got the hang of these I felt comfortable and mastered swimming strokes soon. Now I can do things like breaststroke, backstroke, freestyle, and even butterfly. I enjoy swimming not only because it keeps me fit, but that it builds up my tenacity and confidence. The feeling of overcoming the fear and managing to touch the end wall is thrilling.  

Q: How have games changed from the time when you were a child?

A: I'd say that games have changed dramatically since I was a child. My childhood games were usually outdoor activities, like hide-and-seek, rubber-band-skipping, and kicking shuttle cocks. But nowadays children lock themselves at home and play computer games or video games.

Q: Do you think this has been a positive change? Why?

A: No, I don't think so. Computer games and television can discourage children from outdoor activities that better stimulate their imagination. And the number of obese children has increased greatly. I think the main reason is that children spend most of their free time sitting in front of the TV or computer. If they play outdoor games more, they'll be more physically and mentally well-being.

Q: Why do you think children like playing games?

A: I think the main reason is that children get fun from playing games. Whatever the game is, they offer children a loose environment in which children can indulge and amuse them fully. Although some games require thinking and counting, they are more interesting than learning school subjects like doing math exercises. More importantly, there are no punishing results in playing games.

Q: Do you think competitive games are good or bad for children? In what ways?

A: I think they're beneficial. Competitive games encourage children to give their best effort and strive for success. There's a sense of pride for children. On top of that, competitive games help children improve their social skills. After all, they must get themselves used to the competitive society.

Q: How can games sometimes help to unite people?

A: I think games unite people by setting them a common goal. In games, especially cooperative ones, playmates have to work together to reach the goal, which enhances their reliance on each other and makes them united. And their friendship gets improved during the cooperation.

Q: Why is competition often seen as important in today's society?

A: To my mind, it is competition that motivates evolution. Besides, competition stimulates us to be more efficient and hard-working and so accelerates the development of society.