Q: Describe a time you were busy. You should say: When did it happen? Where were you? What did you do? and explain why you were that busy.

A: As a matter of fact, I can describe myself as a person who leads a hectic lifestyle, and every day, I have to immerse myself in different things. But one of the longest and busiest days I have had in a long time was last year when I moved from my old house to a new apartment. This was the most memorable and unforgettable experience of my life. Let me explain to you in detail. I vividly remember that date; it was the 25th of April monty when I vacated my old home and moved 20 KM to the other side of town from the north to the south side. I woke up early in the morning at 4 o'clock because I had to do lots of work on that day, such as packing, shifting, cleaning the new apartment, organizing things in the new place, and so on. To be honest, the day lasted from 4 AM until 2 AM the next day when I finally went to bed. Fortunately, my brother and mother gave me a hand in doing all these tasks. Even though I felt exhausted and thought we were short-staffed, as there were so many packages and heavy items to shift. I had to pack up more than 20 boxes, and we spent almost half a day loading those boxes into a truck. We took so much time because some of the oversized items did not fit into the lift, like the sofa set, Almeria, and the bed, so we had to use the stairs, which frustrated us. Of course, I was so busy that day that there was simply no time to cook, so I ordered some food items online for everyone. I should not forget to mention that my brother and I ate our food during our travel time in the Lorry because we were stuck in a traffic jam for 30 minutes, which was really annoying. Even though I was quite exhausted after nine hours of packing and shifting, I still needed to gather all my strength to clean my new apartment and organize essential things like beds, kitchen tools, computers, and so on. By the time I hit the hay, it was 2 AM. I felt like my battery was completely drained, but at the same time, I was over the moon that I did well. So this was the busiest day of my life when I didn't even take a five-minute break in the whole day.

Q: Do you like the fast pace of modern life?

A: Frankly speaking, to some extent, I like this modern, fast-paced life because with this I can do anything in a short time, such as travel, shopping, cooking, and so on. However, because of this rat race nowadays, I can see people who often struggle to multitask. As a result, most of the time, they cannot achieve a work-life balance.

Q: How do you feel when you are really busy?

A: Umm. I feel good when I am busy because I am passionate about my work, so when I am giving my full time to my work, I really don't feel annoyed and exhausted. In fact, I guess keeping yourself busy in life makes you a better version of yourself. For instance, we can learn to multitask, utilize our time, and increase productivity.

Q: What is the best way to deal with stress?

A: Well, there are various methods to release stress, and in fact, it depends on a person's liking. They can go with physical or mental stress management techniques. For example, performing yoga and meditation gives relaxation to the mind. On the other hand, if someone likes swimming, they can go for it; as per researchers, swimming works as a stress buster because it helps to calm your nervous system.

Q: What relaxation techniques do you usually use?

A: Well, it totally depends on my mood. Sometimes, I prefer to do meditation and deep breathing, but most of the time, listening to soft music plays an indispensable role in relaxing me. Actually, after listening to music, I feel rejuvenated and refreshed, which helps me to concentrate more on my work in a better way.