Character.

The life of a person is really a series of decisions from early childhood.

Being easy-going, I'm able to get along well with most of the people I know.

Being timid is my greatest shortcoming.

I have changed a lot in my personality.

I'm always ready to help people in need.

I'm an outgoing boy who likes to make friends with people.

I'm diligent, modest, and kind-hearted.

It's hard to imagine what our life would be like ten years later.

I was once a shy boy in the past, but now I am confident and extrovert.

Sensible of my shortcomings, I always try to overcome them.

When I was a little boy, I relied on my parents to guide my decisions about everything.

Name.

My given name is Han Jing, and my family name is He, please just call me by my English nickname Harry.

My full name is Han Jing He, as you may see on my ID cards. But please refer to me by my English nickname Harry.

My full name is Han Jing He, but you can call me just Harry.

My full name is Han Jing He, please refer to me as my first name Han Jing.

My whole name is Han Jing He, as you can also see in my ID cards. Please call me by my first name Han Jing.

My whole name is Han Jing He, you can please refer to me as Harry.

My last name is He, and my first name is Han Jing but please call me Harry.

Hometown.

Great changes have taken place in my hometown in recent years.

I came from Loudi which is a small city with 3000,000 people.

I especially love the peaceful life in my hometown.

I found that my hometown had greatly changed.

I grew up in the beautiful province of Hunan located in southern China.

I suppose they have jobs like in every other town, there are teachers and doctors and workers.

I was born in Hunan Province.

I'm from Hunan province Loudi city.

I've lived there my whole life.

My hometown is famous for the steel industry.

My hometown is in Hunan province.

The city is an important transportation hub.

The steel industry is the mainstay of the city.

Residence.

I like a spacious and well-furnished room.

I live here in Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China, in a two-bedroom flat.

I live in a two-bedroom flat with my wife.

I live in the Baiyun district of Guangzhou in a two-bedroom apartment with my family, on the 7th floor of a high-rise apartment complex.

I live in the beautiful city of Guangzhou, which is the capital of Guangdong Province.

I live in the capital city of Guangdong Province, which is Guangzhou in the suburbs in two-bedroom houses with my family.

I really love my bedroom, because it is my own private place and I have decorated it to my liking.

I tidy my little space every day.

I'm a big fan of "bigger is better", so at the moment it's not that big, there are 2 bedrooms; however, I would like to have another bedroom.

It is on the seventeenth floor of high rise building in the suburbs of Guangzhou.

My bedroom is sweet and cozy.

My dorm room is small but comfortable.

My dream is to have a king-sized bed in my bedroom.

My flat is quite small but it has 2 bedrooms, a living room, a kitchen, and a bathroom.

The thing I like about the place I live in at the moment is that we're on the middle floor which means we get lots of sighting.



