Duty.

In China, old people often shoulder the responsibility of taking care of the babies.

Many young people neglect their duties to the older ones in the family.

Family.

Family is the basic unit of society.

Home is a place quite private, and whether I like it or not is not important at all.

Whenever I feel frustrated or sad, I turn to my family for comfort.

Homework.

During the weekends, I helped my mother do the laundry and also wash the dishes.

Homework gives children a sense of responsibility and builds teamwork within the family.

I believe that children should be involved in household cleaning tasks because it fosters a sense of teamwork.

I don't like to clean the windows, because I find it to be a time-consuming task.

I find my home to be comfortable when it is organized.

I regularly tidy up my house.

I spend time organizing my space and planning for upcoming tasks.

I usually clean my home every day. It's part of my daily routine.

I used to help my mother in the kitchen to clean the floors.

In my opinion, the most challenging part of cleaning is being consistent and organized.

It can be difficult to maintain a clean and clutter-free environment.

It is really tough to get all the dirt off.

Just yesterday, I swept and vacuumed the floors.

Housework.

About decades ago, I used to do the dishes by hand.

Each day I do the dishes, take out the garbage, and cook at least one meal.

The saying is that 'cleanliness is next to godliness'.

Married.

Getting married is one of the most important decisions I can make in life.

I don't think there's actually an ideal age for when you should get married.

Member.

I call my grandmother as often as I can in the evenings as well as on the weekends.

I do have a younger sister, Shan Ming He. She is ten years younger than me.

I'm the backbone of my family.

My daughter is the little emperor of the family.

My daughter is a lovely child with shiny eyes and tiny feet.

My daughter is a spoiled child.

My daughter is so adorable that I want to kiss her flowery face.

My daughter wears a very warm smile on her face when she is happy.

My father is from a working-class background.

When I was young, my father worked hard to support the family.

Parent.

Children learn their first lesson from their parents.

It is believed that parents will always know better because of their years of experience.

It is obvious that the relationships between parents and children have certainly changed a lot in recent years in China.

My parents are my first teachers.

Parenting is a top priority during a child's adolescence.

They take the happy time with their parents for granted.

We can't follow all of our parents' advice.

Structure.

I have my parent and two younger sisters.

In double-career families, children are often neglected.

In my family, old people are honored.

The decision-making power of family affairs is in my hands.

There are five members in my family, including myself.

We have a family gathering every month.