Q: Are your friends mostly your age or different ages?

A: Well...give me a second...Hah! Actually, most of them are my age and maybe it's because I am still a college student and we are all good at socializing. I spend nearly all of my free time hanging out with my friends who are also my classmates. Probably, it is destiny that we are in the same class and become close friends, I treasure it a lot.

Q: Do you usually see your friends during the week or at weekends?

A: OK...On weekdays, I think. Especially after the whole day of study, we always have fun together as we have a lot in common, like collecting comics and stickers. We are also addicted to swimming and playing badminton which makes us very energetic.

Q: How often do you go out with friends?

A: Almost every day, I hang out with my friends since I am a college student who is living in the dorm on my campus. All my roommates are my friends, and we take courses together, have meals together, and even do all the other things together.

Q: Tell me about your best friend at school?

A: My best friend in my university was the boy who was living in the dorm on my campus. We played computer games together for the whole night.

Q: The last time you saw your friends, what did you do together?

A: Last time...what did we do...well... We went shopping together last Sunday morning. We planned to buy a birthday gift for one of our best buddies. In fact, it took use the whole day and finally we found a perfect one, which was a pink PSP player. And my friend loved it when she saw it at the birthday party. But you know, I don't really care what we do as long as my friends and I are together.

Q: How friendly are you with your neighbors?

A: Fairly friendly. There is a typical Chinese family of three people living next door to my apartment. Luckily, the child of this family is my age, and we are classmates and of course good friends. We often visit each other's homes to do homework or watch some movies together.

Q: Which is more important to you, friends or family?

A: Without any hesitation, I choose my family who are obviously much more crucial to me. Family members, especially our parents, do whatever they can do to offer us a better life. In every second of my life, I can feel the love my family members give me. However, sometimes friends are the people who can have a happy time with you, but not who can face troubles with you. Family members are the only people who are always on your side.

Q: In what ways are your friends important to you?

A: How to say... that's a nice question and I've never thought about it before..frankly speaking, I really consider friendship to be one of the most significant things in my life. As everyone needs to have people to communicate with and share our problems with, there are things you can only tell your friends, especially when your boy or girlfriend breaks your heart again or something like that. And just as Aristotle said, without friends no one would choose to live, though he had all other goods.