Q: Describe a competition (e.g. TV, college/work, or sports competition) that you took part in. You should say: What kind of competition it was and how did you find out about it? what did you have to do What the prizes were? And explain why you chose to take part in this competition.

A: The best competition I took part in was a speech competition. At that time, I was studying in a high school. One day, after I finished my class, and was going back home, I suddenly saw the poster on the wall. The title was really striking. When I knew that our school was going to organize such a competition, I was not quite sure whether I would join the competition or not. It asked us to give a prepared speech for 15 minutes, and then I would answer the questions of the judges. After that, I should give a spontaneous speech for ten minutes. I was not sure whether I should take part in the competition. I was not very good at standing in front of a large audience and giving a public speech. I knew that I had to prepare a lot before the competition. I thought that was a good opportunity for me to explore my potential. Like a famous person said, and I can't remember his name, 'Nobody can beat you, but yourself'. I chose to be in the competition as it would be an opportunity to overcome my shyness and nervousness in public.

Q: Why do you think some school teachers use competitions as class activities?

A: I guess the teachers want to motivate their students. Everybody wants to be successful, and the competitions would stimulate the potential of them.

Q: Do you think it is a good thing to give prizes to children who do well at school? Why?

A: I guess it is good. When children do well, they would get prizes; this will make them better in the future. Oh, I think prizes should be given to those who make progress in their classes as well. This is better.

Q: Would you say that schools for young children have become more or less competitive since you were that age?

A: Schools are more competitive than before. Everybody is making great efforts to be successful in their studies, and they know there will be a discrepancy between the winners and losers. Life is tough, and they have to face competition.

Q: What are the advantages and disadvantages of intensive training for young sportspeople?

A: Young athletes are going to get a lot of professional advice from their coaches or trainers. Their body structure is going to be stronger and their achievement is going to be better. As for the drawbacks, I think the biggest disadvantage will be the possibility that some people may get injured in the process of intensive training.

Q: Some people think that competition leads to a better performance from sports stars. Others think it just makes players feel insecure. What is your opinion?

A: Competition is quite indispensable for sports stars. Without competition, they would be satisfied with their status quo. After they lose a match to another athlete, they would make great efforts to win back.

Q: Do you think that it is possible to become too competitive in sports? In what way?

A: I don't know about other countries, but in China, this is definitely the case. The athletes have to be competitive to do well in sports. We just train the elites for a certain sport. We want champions in sports instead of the commoners.
