Q: Describe a piece of electronic equipment that you find useful. You should say: What it is? How did you learn to use it? How long you have had it And explain why you find this piece of electronic equipment useful.

A: I want to talk about a fashionable appliance--the massage chair, which has become increasingly popular in modern family life. As a family appliance, it costs thousands of RMB, and the dearest one I have seen costs around twenty thousand. Though it is quite costly, the massage chair is worth this price considering its functions. At present health is recognised as fairly important to us. After I get home after a hard working day, I will turn on the CD player and sit in a massage chair to have a comfortable rest. This magical chair helps me to relax, driving away all the tiredness. What's more, the massage chair can accelerate blood circulation, reduce tiredness, and ease muscle aches, making us refreshed, and gradually our health will be improved. Moreover, this massage chair is convenient for daily use. What we are going to do is just plug in, choose a program press the button, then sit and enjoy.

Q: What kinds of machines are used for housework in modern homes in your country?

A: The most useful machines in Chinese households are the washing machines. We don't wash clothes by hand. This kind of machine will save us a lot of trouble. Other machines are the microwave oven and the rice cooker.

Q: How have these machines benefited people? Are there any negative effects of using them?

A: People don't have to wash their clothes by hand. We just put the dirty clothes into the machine and push the button. Then everything is done. And there are no negative effects of using the machine.

Q: Do you think all new homes will be equipped with household machines in the future? Why?

A: This is the trend. I guess every home is going to be equipped with household machines. Once people move into a new place, they must have a fridge, washing machine and air-conditioner. These machines are essential.

Q: What kinds of equipment do most workers need to use in offices today?

A: The employees need to use the photocopying machine when they need to copy some documents. They also use computers to contact their clients. They make phone calls as well.

Q: 