Q: Describe a live sports match that you have watched. You should say: What was it? When did you watch it? What was it like? And how did you feel about it?

A: A few weekends ago, I watched a soccer match that kept me on the edge of my seat. I scored tickets through a radio competition, so I didn't have to pay a dime. I thanked my lucky stars because it ended up being a game for the books. Usually, team sports aren't really my cup of tea. I find most games to be as dull as dirt and never focus on the outcome. However, instead of watching them on TV, seeing the players up close and personal was a completely different experience. The crowd was full of enthusiasm, so I got a bit riled up even though I'm typically more reserved. By the time the first half was over, I had practically lost my voice from all the screaming. I wasn't necessarily rooting for one team or the other, but I hoped that the underdog would cause a big upset. My wish came true when one of the star players scored a goal at the last minute, right in the nick of time. The crowd went wild, and people were acting like they had lost their minds. I had never seen anything like it in my life. If the opportunity presents itself to me again, I'd definitely want to watch another live match.

Q: Do you prefer to watch live sports or watch them on TV?

A: I prefer to watch it on TV, to be honest. Firstly, watching sports games on TV is a better idea, since it is more convenient, more economical, and more enjoyable. Secondly, you can save a lot of money, time, and energy when you choose to watch sports games on TV rather than going to stadiums to watch.

Q: Why do some people like to watch live sports?

A: Well, watching live sports in person is very interesting. Firstly, seeing their favorite sports stars with their own eyes definitely makes people feel that they really exist after all. Secondly, people can have the chance to soak in the festive atmosphere! Besides, they can encourage their loved ones by showing that they came all the way to the stadium.

Q: What kinds of sports do Chinese people like to watch?

A: There is no doubt that table tennis and badminton are the two sports that have the largest audience. Table tennis, which is China's national game, in the world, there is almost no opponent that can threaten Chinese players. Due to its easy to take part in, badminton is also very popular.

Q: Do you think competition is good for students?

A: When done right, competition can help students learn skills they'll use throughout their lives. Students who engage in competition earn critical social skills through interacting with other classmates, and learn the value of hard work and developing self-esteem and self-efficacy.