Duty.

In China, old people often shoulder the responsibility of taking care of the babies.

Many young people neglect their duties to the old ones in the family.

Education.

A harmonious family is important for the growth of children.

Children learn their first lesson from their parents.

Family.

Family is the basic unit of society.

Whenever I feel frustrated or sad, I turn to my family for comfort.

Homework.

During the weekends, I helped my mother do the laundry and also wash the dishes.

Homework gives children a sense of responsibility and builds teamwork within the family.

I believe that children should be involved in household cleaning tasks because it fosters a sense of teamwork.

I don't like to clean the windows, because I find it to be a time-consuming task.

I find my home to be comfortable when it is organized.

I regularly tidy up my house.

I usually clean my home every day. It's part of my daily routine.

I used to help my mother in the kitchen to clean the floors.

In my opinion, the most challenging part of cleaning is being consistent and organized.

It can be difficult to maintain a clean and clutter-free environment.

It is really tough to get all the dirt off.

Just yesterday, I swept and vacuumed the floors.

Housework.

About decades ago, I used to do the dishes by hand.

Each day I do the dishes, take out the garbage, and cook at least one meal.

The saying is that 'cleanliness is next to godliness'.

Married.

I don't think there's actually an ideal age for when you should get married.

Member.

I call my grandmother as often as I can in the evenings as well as in the weekends.

I do have a younger sister Shan Ming He. She is ten years younger than me.

My daughter is a little emperor of the family.

My daughter is a lovely child with shiny eyes and tiny feet.

My daughter is a spoiled child.

My daughter is so adorable that I want to kiss her flowery face.

My daughter wears a very warm smile on his face when he is happy.

My father is from a working-class background.

My father works hard to support the family.

My father is the backbone of my family.

Structure.

I have my parent and two younger sisters.

In double-career families, children are often neglected.

In my family old people are honored.

The decision power of family affairs is in the hands of me.

There are five members in my family including myself.

We have a family gathering every month.





