Q: Talk about the most photographed place in your country that you visited. What is that place? When did you go there? What type of photographs did you take? Why is that place most popular?

A: When it comes to my country of origin, I consider myself a foreign citizen. I have not visited as many places as I have visited abroad. However, I remember that in my childhood, my family and I visited the popular bridge in Changsha called Xiangjiang Bridge. It was the best adventure of my childhood. My parents waited for the summer holiday in September 2000, and I was only 7 years old, but I remember everything that happened there. My dad and mom said we should take a photo as a sign of remembrance in the coming days just after we had visited Xiangjiang Bridge; however, the quality of photos in those years was poor, but the meaning of the photo is unexplainable, and I still don't have words to articulate what I felt that day Regardless it is was not the most famous place in our country, but we enjoyed. Many people consider the Xiangjiang Bridge the best place in Changsha, and I agree with them because when you log in to TikTok, you will get to see many videos taken from the Xiangjiang Bridge with the caption "The great bridge."

Q: What are some of the most popular destinations in your country for photography?

A: When you come to China, I will take you to several locations that are popular, photographed places, according to the Department of Tourism. Most go to the Great Wall, which is the longest wall in the world. The essential part of the landscape is that you will be able to see buildings when you climb the Great Wall. Another place is the Forbidden City. Even natives take photos in that area because it's the biggest palace in our country.

Q: What do people consider when they make travel plans to click pictures?

A: People take a few things into consideration when they want to travel, and the important one is to arrange enough money to cover the expenses for the whole stay. Preparing enough money will make it easy for other minor services, such as accommodation and airport pickup. But also, people go further and buy a digital camera to take pictures and record their trip.

Q: How can people know about new places?

A: We live in a generation where people advertise things in different media, such as online television and social media. So when you like to watch a football match, you will see advertisements for players' jerseys. As for movies, I love how many movie projects take place in places that people might like and visit, like Fast Furious. They advertised Beijing through this movie, so this is how you will see and discover new places.

Q: What do you like visiting, museums or adventurous places?

A: I like to visit museums because most things at museums I have studied in my past education level, so getting to visit those places brings me back to the day my teacher was teaching, and I feel this is what my primary school teacher meant. For example, I visited a monk's museum in China, and the tour guide told us briefly about the history of the monks. In the past, I used to study monks and their appearance in history subjects, but I didn't get to see it with my naked eyes.