Activity.

I think that people should express their feelings.

Outdoor and indoor activities are both quite indispensable.

With adventurous activities, individuals feel over the moon.

Ball.

I find ball games they be really exciting and fast-paced.

I play football regularly.

Not far from my house, there's a football pitch.

Probably about a ten-minute drive from where we live, there's a nice football pitch.

We can play indoor ball games there.

Chinese medicine.

I have tried herbal medicine, which usually doesn't taste very nice.

Disease.

I do very little when I catch a cold; I like to get rid of the cold naturally.

I very rarely see a doctor.

I very rarely take medicine.

When I catch a cold, I usually stay at home and rest.

Exercise.

By doing physical exercise, one can also gain self-esteem and confidence.

I do, in fact, exercise. I go hiking at least 1 times a week.

I do very much at all these days to keep fit.

I like to do some sort of outdoor activity, like going hiking.

I think teenagers need more exercise to keep fit and healthy.

I would say that people get their fair share of exercise every day because of the hills in the city.

I'm naturally thin without any exercise, so I'm quite lazy when it comes to exercise.

The principal function of doing regular physical exercise is to keep fit.

Most people do physical exercises like jogging, brisk walking, or stair climbing to keep fit.

Noise.

Excessive noise can disrupt others and lead to conflicts.

I believe there is an excessive amount of noise in today's world.

I don't enjoy staying in a place with a lot of noise.

I find it easier to concentrate and relax when there's less noise around.

I'm seriously considering moving to a quieter place.

My city has a few tranquil spots, like parks and nature reserves, where you can escape the hustle and bustle.

There's a big business building going up, so there's a lot of construction noise during the day.

Running.

I just find running is tiring and boring, especially running in a gym.

I usually go running in the local park.

Running is a great form of exercise, and it keeps people healthy in terms of muscle strength and cardiovascular exercise.

Some parks are good for running, and of course, there are leisure centers and sports areas in the city that are ideal for running.

They are really into fitness and sports, so they go running several times a week when the air quality is good.

Safety.

I think it is a good idea to keep the safety tools stored in easy-to-access and visible places.

I think it is a good idea to watch some safety videos online and get the right training.

I would say that the kitchen knife is probably the one that most commonly injures people, just because it is frequently used.

I've cut myself a few times in the past with a not-well-used kitchen knife.

It is very important that people read the safety instructions and user manuals before using an object that can be dangerous.

New innovations have made a lot of equipment much safer than in the past.

New types of sensors and materials reduce the likelihood of getting injured.

People are in a rush and just want to get a job done, so they do not pay attention to safety.

There are many types of heavy machinery on construction sites, which can be quite dangerous if people aren't careful.

There are quite a few household items, like a kitchen knife, that can be hazardous if not used well.

Sleep.

Although I sleep about 6 hours, I still feel sleepy throughout the day.

I do sleep an acceptable amount of hours.

I get about seven to eight hours of sleep a day, usually from 11 pm until 7 am.

I think the minimum amount of sleep to be healthy is 6 hours a night. 

I truly believe that meditation leads to a much more restful sleep.

Since I work from sunup to sundown, it's essential for me to get a healthy amount of sleep.

When I take a nap, I tend to keep pressing the snooze button and end up sleeping for at least an hour and a half.

Sport.

I believe jogging is the best stress reliever.

I enjoy jogging or brisk walking.

I have a flock of friends with the same fondness for jogging.

I play sports multiple times each week.

I think all students at school should do sports, even if they are not athletic.

I think jogging is a suitable physical activity for most people.

I try to squeeze a few minutes during the lunch break to walk briskly.

I went skiing last weekend.

I've been going hiking for many years, and I feel it would be an exciting change.

Most youngsters are passionate about sports because they know all the ropes of physical activities.

Sports are fruitful for children because they are not only beneficial for fine motor skills but also for hand-eye coordination.

Swim.

I find it more enjoyable to go swimming outdoors.

I find swimming to be a refreshing and enjoyable way to stay fit and relax.

I go swimming once or twice a week.

I learned to swim when I was a child.

I used to love swimming in high school.

In my local area, there are several places for swimming.

My parents believed that swimming is an essential life skill and a great form of exercise, so they enrolled me in swimming lessons at a young age.

We have a community swimming pool, which is easily accessible and offers a range of swimming programs for all ages and skill levels.