Q: Describe a journey [e.g. by car, plane, boat] that you remember well. You should say: where are you going? how do you travel? why do you go on the journey? and explain why you remember this journey well.

A: In the summer of 2010, I cycled coast-to-coast across the United States of America with two of my best friends from university. The three of us met at the University of Liverpool, and we shared an interest in cycling. We regularly went on biking and camping trips into the Lake District at weekends if we had free time. During our final year, we decided it would be a great idea to train up and attempt to cycle across the North American continent to raise money for charity. So in July 2010, after months of training and preparation, we flew across the Atlantic Ocean to begin the 7,000km journey across the USA. The journey was far more challenging than we thought it would be. Both our mental and physical limits were put to the test as we cycled across mountains, deserts, and rivers, sometimes going days without seeing any other people. We had to carry a lot of heavy equipment on our bikes, and we camped almost every night. If we were passing through a large town then we would stay in a hotel, to get a good night's sleep and to have a shower! But more often than not, we would camp in the wild and wash in rivers and waterfalls. Our journey began in Maryland and took us west, through the country's capital city, Washington D.C., over the Appalachian mountains and the Mississippi River and onto the Kansas Plains. From there we continued west over the Rocky Mountains and the deserts of Utah and Nevada. Finally, we crossed the Sierra Nevada mountain range and descended through California to San Francisco. Overall, we cycled 7,000 kilometers in 49 days and raised over $4,000 for a children's cancer charity, which I think is an incredible achievement.

Q: Why do people need to travel every day?

A: People need to travel for lots of different reasons. Almost everybody has to travel to work, so they can earn money and provide for their families. If some people are lucky, then they will live very close to the place where they work, so they can travel on foot or by bicycle. Sometimes, however, people live very far away, so they must travel by bus, train, car, or even sometimes by plane or boat! Lots of people also travel to see friends and family members, who might live in a different city, or even a different country. But often people just like to travel for fun, to go somewhere new, or to see a famous tourist site or place of natural beauty.

Q: What problems can people have when they are on their daily journey, for example, to work or school? Why is this?

A: When people are on their daily travels, there's always the possibility of meeting traffic jams. This will cause people to be late for school or work. This phenomenon has been down to the increasing number of cars. It is a real challenge in a city with so many people and cars. To solve this problem, governments are encouraging people to use public transport or walk. All these are to raise environmental awareness and reduce congestion.

Q: Some people say that daily journeys like these will not be so common in the future. Do you agree or disagree? Why?

A: I agree that in the future, people's daily journeys will be reduced. In recent years, accompanied by the widespread network, people are spending more time working and playing at home. More and more people are telecommuting one or more days a week as opposed to going to the office every day. In addition, shopping online also saves people the trips to the stores.

Q: What do you think people can learn from traveling to other countries? Why?

A: I have traveled to many countries all over the world, such as America, England, Australia, and Japan. I think traveling has helped me to become a more humorous, knowledgeable, and well-rounded individual with a greater understanding and acceptance of world cultures. Moreover, I also learned much about other cultures' languages, beliefs, history, food and drink. Many of my friends have never left their hometown, and this shows in their ways of thinking, which are often limited and very conservative.

Q: Can travel make a positive difference to the economy of a country? How?

A: I have been to over 25 countries worldwide. Often, this has been a quick trip or tour of a country, where I can see and do as much as I can in the time period that I have. But I have also lived in two foreign countries: Uganda, where I lived for 4 months, and England, where I have been for over a year. In both situations, I feel I have contributed to the economy of the respective countries. When I was traveling, I spent much money on gifts, food, and accommodation, and when I was living abroad I also paid taxes and offered my skills to the country in the form of work.

Q: Do you think a society can benefit if its members have experience traveling to other countries? In what ways?

A: Yes. I think traveling to other countries will help broaden the horizon of an individual by learning about different cultures of the world. Traveling can also enrich one's experiences and increase one's knowledge. If more citizens have these progressive qualities, then naturally this will benefit society.

