Q: Describe a moment when you stepped out of your comfort zone. You should say: When did it happen? Where did it happen? What did you do? How did you feel about it?

A: I believe we're not working in some challenging situations so that we can work more efficiently. That's why I have always worked outside of my comfort zone, so here I would like to talk about one situation that I struggled with on my most challenging day. It was about my IELTS exam. I had to do many tasks every day, and the most challenging task was reading oil shielding. The IELTS reading was the most difficult reading I've ever had. End listening, reading, writing, and speaking. As for speaking, I can do it with my brother, who also took the IELTS exam and got a 6/5 in speaking, so he is the perfect tutor to guide me through some mistakes. It took me six months to understand how to tackle the reading question properly. Listening, writing, and speaking are also surfaces for me. Speaking is average right now, and the easiest part for me is listening. Every time I practice, I get 35 out of 40 in listening, so it's straightforward for me. But after so much hard work, I improved my English language frequency and understanding of many words in this language. Also, I'm now at more than a beginner level, and I can communicate with people who know Google and speak English. I feel very self-satisfied, and it has inspired me more. After I get more bands for my deserving band score on the IELTS exam, I want to learn IT knowledge.

Q: What prompted you to take that step outside your comfort zone?

A: It's motivated me to do some sufficient tasks because the consequences of that task are what I can gain from it, and everyone follows this pattern. After all, they know if they get billions more dollars after doing this task, then they will, because everyone is trying to make some money in this world.

Q: How did you feel leading up to that moment, and how did those feelings change afterward?

A: Ah, those feelings are excellent, and I felt like I was at the top of the mountain after achieving something. If I get a good result beyond my expectations, then it is on another level, and those feelings will be drained away after some time because happiness is not always with anyone. Everyone needs to face sadness after happiness, so I can say achieving the result, primarily a good result, is part of happiness.

Q: Were there any particular challenges or obstacles you faced, and how did you overcome them?

A: Yes, I face many difficult questions. I was doing that. First of all, I need to concentrate on my task because I have a mobile, so I am restricted from being distracted quickly. Also, I always turn off my mobile power so it will not distract me easily. 

Q: Looking back, would you make the same decision again? Why or why not?

A: No. If I had a chance to go back to the past, I would not change my decision because it changed my life. After, I'll get good consequences, and that is the result I want, so if I have a chance to go back, I will make the same decision because I know it's still good for me.

Q: What did you learn about yourself from this experience?

A: I learned that you can't get good consequences without hard work, and you need to emphasize your concentration. It's also very enjoyable for me because, without hard work, my life has no meaning.

Q: How has this experience influenced or changed your future decisions or actions?

A: By achieving this target, my goal will change by 360 degrees. I wanted to become a software engineer, but after getting a higher education abroad, I decided to learn hotel management, which completely changed my life.

Q: Were there any people who supported or encouraged you during this time? How did they help?

A: Yes, there are those people who support me at this time: my parents; they are very supportive in any situation. After that, my cousin helped me achieve that, and others are my friends who are also taking the exam with me.

Q: Has this experience inspired you to encourage others to step out of their comfort zones, and if so, how?

A: Yes, I believe that this phenomenon inspired me to do hard work as well as encourage people to do hard work; without hard work, you can't achieve a good result. I also try to motivate people who are depressed and can't do anything.