Q: Describe someone you know who does something well. You should say: Who is this person? How do you know this person? What do they do well? and explain why you think this person is so good at doing this?

A: My father's family was all town dwellers, but my mother's family had been farmers for generations. My grandfather died in his 50s; otherwise, he would have taught me many of his skills. Today's farming is highly mechanized, and most farmers do their own repairs and welding. However, there is one skill that farmers leave to experts, and that is the building of walls around fields. In the south of England, the land is good, and the fields are divided up by hedges made of hawthorn or box. In the north of England, the land is poor, steep, and rocky, so stone walls separate the fields. The person I want to tell you about is a man called Edward Falshaw, a friend of my grandfather, who was known to everyone in the local patois as "Owd Ned" (Old Edward). He was the best wall maker for miles around. The walls are called "Dry Stone Walls" and use no mortar to hold them together, just the weight of the stone. The walls start off wide at the bottom with two rows of large stones, and smaller stones are put in the middle. At intervals, larger stones go right across the wall to hold it together. At the top, larger stones keep water from going into the wall. The walls breathe, and insects such as bumble bees live in them, and when it snows, sheep can huddle against the wall to protect themselves from the wind. Even if the snow covers them, they can still breathe. Ned was a joy to watch working; he could look at hundreds of stones all around him and pick just the right one to fill a space. He never hurried and promised that the walls he built would still be standing a hundred years after he had died. The ones I watched him build are certainly standing after 60 years. I learned the gift of patience and the importance of thinking before acting from Old Ned. He never worked to a timetable, and there was always a sense of calm around him. He seemed to be able to sum up people's characters very well, and any advice given was always good. When I am out walking in my locality, I often stop and look at a dry stone wall. Some have not been well built, and I think "Ned would never have built a wall like this." At other times, I see walls that must have been standing for well over 150 years with no maintenance, and I wonder, "If the guy who built this taught Owd Ned?" There is something timeless about ancient crafts that gives you a sense of your own worth in history.

Q: What skills and abilities do people most want to have today?

A: Most young people today want skills that are marketable and have a cash value so that they will be readily employable. For example, computer skills, either in the field of IT or the repair of computers, seem to have a high value today.

Q: Which skills should children learn at school? Are there any skills that they should learn at home? What are they?

A: Children should learn the most basic skills at school, especially numeracy and literacy, but be prepared to have these skills improved in the workplace. The skills they ought to learn at home are social skills, like the importance of reliability and punctuality. They should also learn about caring for others and being able to look after themselves in the home.

Q: Which skills do you think will be important in the future? Why?

A: Future skills may be based on the ability to work from home, as the internet makes this kind of work possible. Also, the ability to change from one type of job to another will be important because today, no job can be guaranteed to be a job for life.

Q: Which kinds of jobs have the highest salaries in your country? Why is this?

A: The jobs that pay the highest salaries are lawyers and dentists. In the former, you sometimes have to resort to using these people, and the latter are not plentiful and can thus charge high rates. When you are in pain, you forget about the cost of treatment.

Q: Are there any other jobs that you think should have high salaries? Why do you think that?

A: I believe that doctors and teachers should be well paid because they are both needed and often give selflessly of their time. In the case of teachers, they are molding the next generation.

Q: Some people would say that it would be better for society if everyone got the same salary. What do you think about that? Why?

A: If everyone were paid the same, there would be no incentive to work to improve your position in life or your qualifications. If everyone were paid the same, some would take advantage of the fact and be lazy and do little, whereas others would be hard-working. I do not think giving everyone the same salary would be a successful business strategy.




