AI

I believe AI can enhance productivity if used efficiently, allowing employees to meet their deadlines and achieve their targets more easily.

I believe AI could rival and even outperform human intelligence in some areas, but doing so completely is no walk in the park.

I see AI as a teacher with unlimited patience and vast knowledge who can answer almost any question.

I think AI makes life easier, despite certain concerns about its ability to cause unemployment and possibly take over the human race.

I think AI will make people lazier and less physically active.

I think restrictions should be placed on the use of AI because it can become a deadly machine if used for evil reasons.

It is a machine replicating human thought and decision-making.

Given the chance, I would enhance AI to be more representative of human individuality and to be naturally erroneous.

App.

Communication apps like WeChat are what I cannot do without.

I used an app called Meituan to order a meal to be delivered to my doorstep.

I would like to try the AI apps like ChatGPT, which is amazing.

One of the first apps I installed on my smartphone was Google Maps.

The first App I have used is QQ.

The most well-known app in my country is TikTok, and the least popular is WeChat.

WeChat helps in communication among us since we stay in different parts of the country.

WeChat is an instant messaging app; you can use it to chat or have a video call with your friends. 

WeChat is no doubt the most frequently used app in China.

Attitudes.

I think people are not as social as they used to be because they don't get out anymore, like to visit a bank or talk to a bank teller.

I think that technology is immensely beneficial both at work and in daily life.

These days, people who are really good at writing computer programs get a lot of attention, as well as politicians.

Calculation.

Calculation is a part of human life.

Computer.

Computers can be a two-edged sword.

Computers have received more and more social attention from all walks of life.

Computers have made our lives easier.

Computer viruses can cause a lot of damage.

For me, a computer is a means of study and entertainment.

Given the chance to upgrade my computer, I would replace the GPU and add some more RAM.

I don't like to share my computer with anyone else.

I use my computer to finish my job work.

I use my laptop every single day for both school and entertainment.

I would say that I use my computer anywhere from 6 to 10 hours daily.

I'm a computer master.

It is said that the radiation of the computer screen is harmful to our health.

Many young people are obsessed with playing computer games and neglect their studies.

Many young people indulge in surfing the Internet and neglect their studies.

Our life is made more convenient because of the invention of computers.

Pregnant women should not sit in front of a computer for too long.

The computer is a problem, while it brings convenience to people.

The computer provides people with different sorts of entertainment, such as listening to music and watching films.

The first time I used a computer was back in university.

There are many different functions that computers have.

Download.

I believe that downloading movies or music for free won't cause an issue since most of these are done by partnership payment or sponsorship from a firm.

E-Book.

I find e-books incredibly convenient for traveling and for accessing a vast library anytime and anywhere.

Information.

I typically read online when I need information quickly or when I'm researching specific topics.

It is possible to receive incorrect information on a phone call.

People can check the accuracy of information by verifying it from multiple reliable sources.

People's trust in information online can vary.

Gadget.

The gadget can resolve all the queries a student has.

These gadgets are portable and very advanced.

Internet.

A person can find a lot of up-to-date information on the Internet.

I believe the Internet cannot replace a teacher because each individual is unique in learning.

I don't like those social networking sites, such as TikTok.

I have been learning a lot of English online these days.

I mostly like the Internet for playing computer games.

I use the Internet as often as most people; I'd like to sit at home and surf the web.

People prefer to watch their favorite movies or shows on the Internet. 

The difference between the old and young in accessing the Internet would be the knowledge of using the gadgets used to access the Internet.

The Internet has such a wealth of knowledge that it has become a treasure.

The type of people who don't use the Internet would be the individuals in rural areas, because of less exposure, and also their occupation.

People love to read the Internet because they can easily see other people's comments and suggestions, and also input their own suggestions into it.

Invent.

Humans have taken a giant leap in inventions and technology.

I don't believe that only scientists can invent new things.

Not all inventions bring unequivocal benefits to our world.

Several inventions could benefit from improvements.

There are probably many great minds and inventions that never come into the public's eye.

Inventor.

Both governments and private companies have roles in supporting and sponsoring inventors.

Inventors are characterized by their insatiable curiosity, persistence, and keen analytical mind.

Machine.

I guess every home is going to be equipped with household machines.

The employees need to use the photocopying machine when they need to copy some documents.

The most useful machines in Chinese households are the washing machines.

There are no negative effects of using the machine.

We just put the dirty clothes into the machine and push the button. Then everything is done.

Phone.

I make phone calls more often than texting.

My current phone was tortured by me for nearly five years.

On a daily basis, I use my smartphone, a laptop, and various apps for communication, work-related activities, and entertainment.

Since I have had my first smartphone, I have felt like my life was getting easier, especially when it comes to working efficiently.

The first phone I got was a Samsung smartphone.

Robot.

I dream that robots work in my house.

I enjoyed movies like "Wall-E" and "Transformers" that featured robots as central characters.

I would like to travel in a car with a robot that also handles all the routes and directions with its artificial intelligence.

I'm intrigued by robots, particularly their role in fields like healthcare and space exploration.

If I could purchase any item, it would surely be one of those robot cleaners.

Robots have revolutionized our lives, from automating manufacturing processes to aiding in daily tasks, making life more convenient.

Science.

Science education is essential for developing critical thinking and problem-solving skills

Software.

I think it is very important for people to stay updated with the latest software developments because they come with new features and bugs that are fixed, and they are obviously more secure than they were before.

I think outdated software is an easy target for hackers.

I think the best way for software developers to tell if their clients are satisfied with their product is by looking at feedback.

I think the most common problems that people face when using software are slow performance and network issues.

I think the most important feature is security and privacy in every software

The subscription for this software costs about $100 per year, and you can share it with up to six people in your company. 

There is a new plugin in VSCode called Copilot that helps you with suggesting ideas while programming.

These problems can be fixed by updating your software.

When you are using this software, you have to pay attention to all of the mistakes that are reported.

Technology.

As technology is escalating at an alarming rate, it is a real boon for mankind.

I do believe that children should have a limit on their use of technology.

I don't think that technology has affected employment.

I think that drone delivery might become commonplace.

It is important to strike a balance and ensure that technology does not take up all my time and attention.

Modern science and technology have a huge impact on people's way of communication.

Modern technology has changed the way food is planted and harvested.

People can find all kinds of books on the Internet for free.

People have been doing banking services conveniently from their homes, online.

People these days pay their internet bills, like this wasn't available fifty years back, or half a century back, so they didn't need to worry about it.

Technological developments have been quite useful in mitigating the damage caused by an unexpected event.

Technology has been making city life easier through smart traffic systems and buildings, automation.

Technology would replace human hands with a sense of power because life would be independent of robots in the future.

To tell the truth, all kinds of technology have changed people's lives in a good way.

Website.

GitHub is a website that is designed for software developers to search professional source code.

I mostly use the Facebook website for social networking.

I often go to e-commerce websites such as JD to see if there is something that is worth buying.

I often go to their official website to see some useful information.

It is not at all easy to find real friends on social networking websites.

The websites that I often visit usually have a daily update on content.

This website helped me to understand the structure of the different sections and provided me with lots of materials to learn from.

One of the most well-received websites is a social website, such as Weibo.

Websites about food and wildlife are my favorite sites.