Achievement.

One of the most significant achievements in my life was organizing a successful charity bake sale for a local animal shelter in the summer of 2021.

Boss.

A good boss gives employees adequate control over how they do their work.

A good boss shall learn to handle labor problems correctly.

A good boss will try their best to reduce personal conflicts on the job.

Being smart and intelligent doesn't mean that he is a good worker.

Don't hire employees who are always goofing off.

Employees who work with flexibility develop an incredible sense of loyalty.

Good employers allow employees to talk freely with one another.

I only employ those loyal and faithful employees.

I will employ those who can verbalize an idea easily.

If I run a company of my own, I'll have some control over how I perform my work.

Running a company of my own will bring me a great sense of success.

The biggest advantage of starting your own business is that you are your own boss.

Career.

A person should make sure that they truly want a new direction in their employment, and that it's not just a sudden decision.

Both achievement and money are reasons that people switch jobs several times during their working years.

Challenge.

I believe that challenging myself helps me grow and learn new skills.

I handle daily challenges by staying organized and maintaining a positive mindset.

While a life full of challenges can be stressful, I appreciate it because it keeps me motivated and engaged.

Colleague.

A competent colleague sometimes poses a threat to you.

A good colleague is supposed to be efficient and cooperative.

He always brags about his achievements.

He is so careless that no one wants to work with him.

He is the soul of the team.

He is younger than his age, but he is quite professional.

My colleague Huang is much of a friend, and he is ready to help me any time.

The members of our office get along like a family.

The relationship among colleagues is more complicated than the campus relationship.

Company.

I am in favor of big companies because of their sound customer service.

I can't think of any more famous Chinese companies, I'm sorry.

Global companies work on an international scale, which often means they have more resources at their disposal compared to local companies.

Working on a project is a good practice of team spirit.

Day off.

I usually spend my days off on my own a lot of the time.

Last month I had some days off.

On my days off, I usually do things at a fairly relaxing pace.

Employment.

They create employment opportunities.

Farm.

Farming is essential, especially for people who live in the village.

I was born and raised in the countryside of my hometown, where there is some Farmland aside from my old house.

I like my big farm because it is close to nature.

Since I was born and raised in the countryside, I usually do farm work.

Fix.

I'm pretty good at fixing and repairing things, but really, it depends on what type of things.

I'm pretty good at fixing things around the home that might go wrong, like pictures or a wobbly chair leg. 

People don't really fix things often.

Insurance.

Every employee at Nestle Private Limited receives free medical insurance for themselves and their families.

Job.

Having a decent job means a lot for young people.

I have studied software development for about 4 years at the university, and I've also created some projects before graduating from school.

I think I'm more of a creative person, so doing things like developing software and trying to be more creative is quite easy.

I think to be a good police officer, you'd probably have to be fairly grounded.

I'm currently working as a software engineer for Daan Gene.

I mainly design and debug software for the company.

I work for a software development company.

It's a lot for my brain to take in, I suppose.

It gives me a lot of satisfaction to do this job.

Job-hopping is common among young people.

My company focuses on providing job opportunities that align with the skills and interests of young people.

The answer must be a decent job.

The main benefit of being an engineer is that it's seen to be a very high-paying job.

When I graduated from university, I didn't really know what I wanted to do, and I thought developing software sounded pretty cool.

Leader.

A good leader is always working hard like a horse.

A professional leader is always ready to take challenges and risks.

Good leaders are close to their employees.

I like those leaders who are friendly and easy-going among their employees.

I think that good leadership is absolutely vital for the progress and stability of a community.

If I were a leader, I would be on equal terms with my employees.

Since he is the leader, he is supposed to take the lead.

Recruit.

My company actively recruits workers from different parts of the country, creating a diverse workforce with varied backgrounds, cultures, and experiences.

Rule.

I believe that rules against ragging in schools are essential and should be rigorously enforced.

Rules and regulations are the best way to standardize a company.

The reason why some people fail to obey rules is that they have antisocial personalities.

Salary.

I believe that doctors and teachers should be well paid because they are both needed and often give selflessly of their time.

I do not think giving everyone the same salary would be a successful business strategy.

If everyone were paid the same, there would be no incentive to work to improve your position in life or your qualifications.

The jobs that pay the highest salaries are lawyers and dentists.

Skills.

Children should learn about caring for others and being able to look after themselves in the home.

Future skills may be based on the ability to work from home as the internet makes this kind of work possible.

I think individuals can pick up these skills through example or experience.

I want to attend a course to improve my computer skills.

I'd like to challenge myself in different fields.

In order to have a good job in the future, I shall develop my personal skills.

Most of my work is digital, and I'm often typing as source code on my laptop.

Most young people today want skills that are marketable and have a cash value so that they will be readily employable.

The ability to change from one type of job to another will be important because today, no job can be guaranteed to be a job for life.

The skills children ought to learn at home are social skills, like the importance of reliability and punctuality.

Success.

A successful man always has a goal and strives to realize the goal.

Before you succeed, you may encounter many failures.

Every dog can be successful.

Every man must have had a lot of failures before he got success.

For me, winning is everything.

I think a person should be optimistic and physically fit to become successful.

I think the main factor for someone to be successful in their career is the passion for work.

I'm proud of the success that he has achieved.

Persistence is the key to success.

Money is not equal to success.

Achieving success requires perseverance.

To be successful, you have to keep one step ahead of other people.

To have a harmonious family is another form of success.

We learn from other people's success.

When seeing an opportunity for success, don't hesitate to go for it.

Teamwork.

I've worked in teams at school and at work.

It's really annoying when some people don't do their fair share of work. 

When everyone works well together and talks openly, it can be really fun and helpful.

Working together brings different ideas and skills to the table.

Well-being.

The support provided by my company not only enhances the well-being and stability of its workforce but also contributes to the country's overall development.

Work.

I feel good when I am busy because I am passionate about my work.

Work And Life Balance.

I do a few things to maintain a balance between work and life.

There are various ways to balance work and life.

Worklist.

Having a worklist would help me remember what I am going to do.

I'd like to type the worklists on my laptop instead of writing them down on paper.

The process of writing a worklist takes some time.

Workload.

I think people's minds are changing because of their busy schedules and workloads.

Worktime.

From 7 pm onward, I mostly stay in my room, enjoying video games.

From Monday to Friday, I have to get up early to prepare for work.

I feel that mornings on the weekends are my favorite.

I work until 7, so after I get home from work, I play computer games.

Sometimes it can be when a lot of clients want to work with me to collaborate with me at the same time.

The obvious benefit of having an organized schedule is being more efficient and getting more done.

My morning routines vary widely from weekdays to weekends. 