Q: Describe a day out that did not cost a lot. You should say: what was the occasion? where do you go? who did you celebrate with? why didn't it cost you much?

A: Well, these days, inflation is very high in China, and we can't expect things cheap things, but here I am going to discuss one memorable occasion when I have to spend significantly less money on events. One month ago, I got a promotion from my job on the day of my birthday. So all my family members and friends want a treat for a promotion and birthday. So my and sister checked the prices and facilities of all the restaurants, and then we checked the prices of the newly opened restaurants. We are overjoyed to know that the restaurant fits our budget. First, we confirmed the ten reserved seats and then gave advance orders of what we wanted to eat in the evening. In the evening, around six o'clock reached the restaurant and my and sister went to reception and asked for the hall. They show the hall. We sat on half chairs, and there was a big table around the chairs. First of all, they serve us cold drinks with snacks. Then 15 minutes later, one hotel employee came toward us with chocolate cake. I was fond of chocolate cake, and one of my friends took this cake for us. We cut the cake, and everyone ate a little bite of cake. During this birthday event, we have a lot of funny conversations and tell each other secrets, which makes everyone happy. Then serve us different pizzas with soft drinks again. The pizza taste was delicious; it was better than I expected and cheaper than another restaurant. Finally, around eight o'clock, we finished my birthday and promotion party. When I reached reception for the bill, I was pretty surprised to see the bills. It is 20% less than the reservation time bill. When we asked for a recheck, the manager told us there is a 20% discount on birthdays in this restaurant. We have to pay 200RMB. So I was delighted and decided to enjoy every birthday event in this restaurant.

Q: Do teenagers spend much more money than before?

A: Yes, I think these days children spend much more money on special events like birthday parties and festival days because of the ease of money from parents, while in earlier days, parents didn't give full access to money to their own child.

Q: How can people save as much money as possible?

A: Well, people can save money by planning their budget or making a list of things they need while going to purchase; it helps them save money from buying useless things and start depositing a fixed amount of money from their salary for emergencies or future goals.

Q: Did you ever have a bad shopping experience?

A: Yes, I remember that two months ago, I purchased a Redmi Note 11 from Amazon; two days after the delivery, my phone started showing lag issues. So I have to return that product and get a refund after an inspection of the phone by a technical expert.

Q: Why is online shopping so popular these days?

A: Online shopping is more popular these days because of easy access to a variety of brands and shopping discounts encouraging people to buy things from online websites, moreover, because of the ease of credit limit provided by financial institutes.

Q: Do you think you can buy something from a physical store without money?

A: Well, it is impossible to buy anything from any store without money. But we can take things on credit and pay the bill according to our budget.

