Assistance.

People can use their mobile phones to quickly seek assistance and even information.

Ethic.

I think people should do a good job Monday to Friday, not just to earn good money but also to be proud of what they're doing and their contributions towards society.

Mutual respect is vital in establishing relationships with others.

We should not say bad words about our colleagues behind their backs.

Help.

As I said, people often need help when they are ill or in another situation, which is when they're having car troubles.

Charitable organizations help people by giving them medicine, food, and clothing.

Children should be taught to help others.

Helping others establishes a social bond between individuals and the group.

I don't think people now help in the community more than they did in the past.

I help strangers or people in the street who ask for help or look like they need a helping hand.

I like to help others when they need it.

I quite regularly help an old lady who lives nearby with shopping and some chores from time to time.

I think helping people is crucial for the happiness and success of humans.

I think that people today are sometimes a bit mean when it comes to helping others, especially helping strangers in need.

In high school, students help each other give them help in their project completion, and study in a group.

In my country, we have lots of organizations that help others.

My parents have instilled the value of helping others in me since childhood

Not aiding others can lead to a sense of remote remorse and isolation in society.

People can help in many ways, like volunteering, donating blood or finances, donating food, clothes, etc.

People help others when they need any emergency, and if they face any critical situation, they help give them food and motivation.

The most obvious reason for helping those in need is that it's ethical and leads to overall success.

There are so many people who need help in the world.

We encourage children to help others and give them examples of people who help the poor with food.

When a colleague of my company is sick, I can help cover their shifts so they can recover and not worry about their work.

Humanity.

When someone helps other people, it's human nature to represent humanity.

Kindness.

Small acts of kindness can make a big difference.

Lost and found.

I lost my keys when I went out.

I post on social media for help only when I have lost something that is extremely important to me.

I usually call the police when I find something that is significantly expensive or important.

Will I find something lost by others, I'll probably check if there's contact information in the lost stuff.

Patient.

I once became quite impatient while I was waiting in a convenience store.

I think having patience in general is quite a virtue.

I'm quite an impatient person.

Polite.

Generally speaking, you shouldn't ask someone's age unless you're good friends, of course.

I always have this feeling that people start being less and less polite to each other as time passes.

I do think I'm a polite person.

I have been showing my politeness to everyone ever since.

If you're talking to a female, you should never ask a female how old she is; she might get very upset.

My friends actually taught me to be polite.

Politeness also shows during a meal, when people need to wish others to have a nice meal.

Showing good manners is when a junior properly greets a senior and talks to him/her politely with sufficient and correct honorifics.

Volunteer.

The volunteer worker has the chance to work in any organization.

There are many benefits of unpaid volunteer workers, which can enhance their communication and knowledge.