Q: Describe a time when you had to lend something to a person you knew. You should say: what did you lend? when did it happen? why did he/she ask to borrow the item? explain how you felt about this. would you let him borrow it again in the future?

A: I am fascinated by reading, and I can recall an incident in my childhood when I bought a book from my savings. It was about how to increase memory. One of my relatives came to see us and accidentally noticed this book on my desk. It was new, and I had hardly read it. The relative asked me if he could borrow, he being older than me, I couldn't say no. He promised that he would return the book next week. I was skeptical, and with a heavy heart, I lent it. And he never returned that book. He asked me for a quick read. I never dared to ask him, even though he visited our house a couple of times later. I felt let down and remorse. After that, I never greeted him pleasantly whenever he visited our house. Maybe he forgot about the book, but I never came over the loss of that particular book. This incident taught me a lesson: never to trust a man's word, especially if it's related to a book.

Q: What do you think of people who are posting about their personal lives on social media?

A: Many people use to post on social media about their personal life. I don't know why people are sharing their things on social media. But I don't have any issue also because it depends on person to person then it will be very too person to person so let them decide what to do.

Q: How do you feel about sharing research documents online?

A: I will never share research documents online. This is because we have to check the security of that online site. It will upload any research directly, which may cause problems, too.

Q: Why aren't children willing to share their things, such as toys?

A: Yes, I observed children used not to give these two ways to others. This is the one type of skill to save their things and their toys. It's a God's gift, so we cannot change it.

Q: How can parents teach their children about sharing?

A: From an early age, if parents instill the values and importance of sharing, like implying it's better to give than receive. The children can adapt to such things and, in their adulthood, can be better at sharing.