Collect things.

I used to collect DVDs for a period. But I simply could not find its amusement.

Color.

Blue is often associated with trust, reliability, and communication.

Colors do play a significant role in my everyday life. 

I do believe colors have a significant impact on a person's mood. 

I have always loved sky blue as well as other brighter colors.

I like the color green because it's vibrant and full of life.

I'm not particularly a big fan of gray because I find it bland and boring.

In my younger years, I used to associate yellow with brightness and positivity, but as I grew up, I developed a preference for more calm and subtle colors.

My favorite color is sky blue, as it gives a sense of liveliness. 

Skey blue also reminds me of the serene waters of the Xiangjiang River that flow through my hometown.

Red is often associated with energy excitement and stimulation.

Yellow started to appear too vibrant and too energetic for my taste, and I found myself gravitating towards more uh softer and muted tones.

Dream.

During my childhood, my dream was to become a scientist.

I am completely uncertain about my dream job.

I find myself easily swayed by the opinions of those around me and the ever-changing circumstances, resulting in frequent changes in my dreams.

I only share dreams with my wife, because I think dreams are pretty personal.

I think dreams are just the result of the activities of the neurons that refuse to go dormant while you are sleeping.

If the content of my dream is sweet, I will definitely want it to come ture.

In most cases, I can only remember that I had a long dream, but cannot recall any detail.

Hobbie.

I like to watch movies or play video games.

I love playing video games.

I really like to play video games.

I think hobbies are important because they help us to be relaxed, recharge, and explore our interests.

Interest.

I enjoy reading books in my leisure time.

I read romantic novels in my spare time for pleasure.

I'm fond of games and especially like playing video games.

My hobby of climbing mountains keeps me fit and close to nature.

My interests are manifold, including jogging, reading, and playing computer games.

There are a few activities I do for enjoyment.

Number.

I think the number seven would be the one and another would be six.

The number I favor most is number seven.

There are some crucial numbers that we have to remember.

Photo.

Although I enjoy taking photos, but taking selfies is not my thing.

I am very willing to improve my skills on taking photos.

I enjoy taking photos to record things in life.

My favorite family photo was taken about two months ago when I was having a gathering lunch with my family.

Talent.

I am adept at coding programs.

I discovered the talent of coding when I studying at university.

