Engagement.

There are a few engagements I like to add to my day if I had a bit more time.

Friend.

A bosom friend is one to whom you can tell all your secrets.

A true friend will always be there when you need a shoulder to lean on.

A true friend will not stand by when you are in trouble.

Her personality is exactly the same as mine.

I always pour my troubles into him.

I know her inside and out.

I usually meet up with my friends and hang out.

Our friendship is built upon s solid base.

People like to make friends with those who have similar interests.

Pouring out troubles to friends is a good way of easing off the pressure.

The only way to have a friend is to be one.

We are birds of a feather.

We share our sorrow and happiness together.

Friendship.

For me, friendship is one of the most valuable possessions in the world.

Friendship is a comfy situation like home.

Friendship is an inner relationship combining trust, support, communication, loyalty, and understanding.

I treasure the friendship of a friend in need.

In friendship, loyalty may be the most important thing.

To build up friendship needs the efforts on both sides.

Gift.

Gifts can not buy friendship.

Gifts represent our best wishes.

I don't give presents just to anybody.

I think it is quite important for gift-giving in my culture.

I think people like to make gifts because they feel it's much more meaningful.

I think the whole gift-giving thing has become quite commercial.

I value handmade gifts more than expensive gifts bought from big stores.

I'm the type of person that probably prefers to buy a gift.

In China when people say the gift is worth nothing they are just trying to be modest.

In my opinion, the giver's sincerity is more important than the price of the gift.

In the past, there weren't as many different types of gifts.

Sending gifts is a way of expressing your gratitude to some person.

Show your gratitude when receiving a gift.

Take account of the personal preference of the receiver when choosing a gift.

We, Chinese people, do not open the gift on the spot when receiving it.

We send gifts to each other at important festivals.

We tend to send nutritious food to old people as gifts.

Letter and Email.

A letter written in pen can express feelings much more deeply than an e-mail.

After receiving a gift, it is thoughtful to write a thank you note.

Emails are faster and almost cost-free.

E-cards are much more popular for their convenience and sending speed.

Letters are gradually giving way to e-mails.

Most of us have been harassed by junk mail.

Old people tend to love the sensation of traditional letters.

Sometimes writing a letter is more polite and more formal.

Traditional cards and letters are not environment-friendly as they are made of paper.

Whenever I receive a letter from a friend I feel happy.

Young people today prefer to call rather than write letters.

Meeting place.

The meeting place should be noticeable or at least can be located on an electronic map.

When choosing a meeting place, you should take into account everyone's position to make sure it is convenient to reach all of them or at least the majority of them.

Whenever we organize some collective activities, like enjoying a feast at a restaurant, we will first meet at the gate of my community.

Neighbour.

A good neighbor is better than a brother in the next village.

A good neighbor is supposed to be helpful and considerate.

I am always careful not to make big noises at night.

I pay visits to my neighbors almost every day.

It is better to keep on good terms with our neighbors.

It is our duty to give a hand to our neighbors when they need it.

My neighbor often brings over some delicious food she makes.

Neighbors need more understanding between them.

The relationship between neighbors in rural areas is closer than that in cities.

We Chinese always say that a near neighbor is better than a distant relative.

When problems occur, neighbors should try to understand each other.

New people.

As an IT engineer, I rarely meet new people.

I am a little afraid to meet new people because it is quite challenging to start a topic appealing to both parties.

The first impression about new people is not reliable at all.
