Q: Describe a foreign film you like watching. You should say: what film it was? who the actors were? when you watched it? why did you enjoy this film?

A: I love to watch foreign films. I have watched several movies previously, but today I want to talk about one series, which is on AIR Worldwide. The name is Money Heist; this is a trailer series with a combination of comedy, action, drama, etc. This is a Spanish series where Alberto, a Spanish actor, plays a professor role. We can say the mastermind of all heists. During the lockdown, when all the cinema halls were shut down that time, we watched it on Netflix. Because we didn't have any option to go outside for a movie, we decided to watch some action and drama movies online, but unfortunately, we found it. It had a total of five series. When I watched the first series, then my wife and I fell in love with the series, and we can say that we got addicted to it, and now we are waiting for 6 seasons, which are about to be released. The main script of this movie which hooks the audience series by series, is quite interesting. In the main scene, when all the thieves are busted by cops at that time a professor plays a mind game and gets everyone released. In the last, I will recommend everyone to watch this series because I know if someone starts watching it, he will never stop until the series is finished.

Q: What do you think makes a good actor?

A: There are many things that make a person a good actor; for instance, looks, acting, voice, etc. these are the things that people like most. And if an actor wants to impress the audience, he has to be kind-hearted and do social activities like charity work.

Q: What are some of the characteristics that an actor needs to have?

A: The actor must be a good human being. He must know that he will be imitated if he acts well before the public. An actor can inspire even a criminal to become a civilized person.

Q: Have movies changed over the years? how have they changed?

A: Yes, movies have changed over the years. Now there are more animated 2D and 3D movies that are appreciated by a large gathering. Special effects are used in the movie, which makes a movie unique from others.

Q: Do you think movies will continue to be popular with people in the future?

A: Yes, movies will be popular in the future among people because these entertain the public, and people feel that they are not alone in this world, free from poverty, pain, and many other things. People can pay any cost if it entertains them.