Q: Where is your hometown?

A: My hometown's in Loudi, which is a small city located in Hunan province. It's not really that far from the Changsha.

Q: Has your hometown changed much these years?

A: Absolutely! Take traffic as an example, the most common transport facility used to be buses, it could be really crowded sometimes since people didn't have any other options. However, today, bus systems have made people's lives easier than ever.

Q: Is that a big city or a small place?

A: This city is so small. Like the other day, I walked across from east to west and only spent 1 hour.

Q: How long have you been living here?

A: For about half my life, so that is about 15 years. I went to school here, and now I'm working in Guangzhou. In fact, time has gone by really quickly because so there's so much to do here and I've been so active.

Q: For you, what benefits are there living in a big city?

A: Well, first of all, there are a great number of opportunities for both education and job-hunting in big cities, which explains why people from small cities, towns, and villages are flooding big cities nowadays. Plus, the fact that cities offer more modern facilities and conveniences makes them even more attractive to people.

Q: Is there anything you dislike about it?

A: Unfortunately, this city has a huge problem with pollution, especially air pollution. The air is so contaminated that we all have to wear masks every time we go out of the house. This problem has escalated to a serious level that it's been catching the attention of the international community. I hope that the government will be able to save this city before the problem gets worse.

Q: What do you like about your hometown?

A: Loudi is a historically rich city with a lot of heritage buildings and I like to visit those places. Also, Loudi is a really good place to try out national cuisine.

Q: Where in your country do you live?

A: I live in Guangzhou. However, since the city is so big, it would take hours to even scratch the surface, but to sum it up. Guangzhou is the cultural heart and one of the major economic centers of the Guangdong province.
