Bad Weather.

People can enjoy bad weather conditions by staying at home and watching a movie or enjoying delicious food with the family.

Climate.

China is a diverse country, so there is a different climate in different geographical locations.

Cold Weather.

I did live in very cold weather for some time when I visited my hometown, Hunan province.

Where I live in Guangzhou, the weather remains cold for about 2 to 3 months from November to February, sometimes stretching till the month of March.

Evening.

In many cases, I have jobs to do in the daytime. By contrast, the time in the evening is entirely at my disposal.

Most of the evenings in my life are devoted to playing computer games.

When I was a little boy, I usually chased each other at the foot of our apartments.

Hot Weather.

The hotter the weather is, the better it so for me.

Morning.

Before I went to the university, the only thing I did in the morning was study.

I dislike getting up early in the morning, especially during the winter days.

I get up at 7 o'clock and devote the whole morning to the revision of the IELTS.

I am generally satisfied with my morning routine.

I prefer to get up early in the mornings.

Rain.

I dislike rainy days, especially when I have some obligations outside.

I dislike living in moist environments.

I'd prefer to live in a place that has fairly normal seasons and has enough rain to be good for the fields and the crops and the plants, but not too much that it's annoying.

Rainy weather often disrupts my plans.

The amount of rainfall largely depends on the season.

The streets get a bit mucky when it's raining, and I don't like that

Staying up late.

I was quite the night owl; I often stayed up way past my bedtime.

Summer.

During mild summer, which lasts for just a month or two, the weather is perfect for outdoor activities and visiting beach areas.

I did enjoy the summer holidays when I was at school.

I enjoy holidays during the summer season, when I get one or two weeks' leave from my office.

I like the summer season when it is not too hot, but I can not say that it is my favorite season because I like Autumn over any other season.

It rains mainly in summer

Summer often brings days of continuous rainfall in Guangzhou.

The summer break offered a much-needed respite from the routine of classes and exams.

Sunshine.

A well-air-conditioned room would be an excellent choice for a day with lots of sunshine.

Temperature.

The temperature will be extreme as well, and people will be experiencing health issues due to climate change.

Weather.

People are very interested in gathering information about changing weather because they plan to go outside with their families.

The relationship between weather and culture is significant, as the weather often shapes the way people live and interact with their environment.