Q: Describe a technical gadget that you want to invent in the future. You should say: what is it? how had it changed people's lives? what benefits did it bring? and explain if it is more important for older or younger people.

A: The only technical gadget that has always been on my mind to invent is a Portable tablet computer for students. A lot of students struggle with copying notes and carrying books. Some of their parents are not financially buoyant to buy them enough textbooks. This Portable tablet will contain all their school curriculum; it will have different subjects and topics relating to their academics. They can do their assignment on it. Moreover, they won't have to copy notes and carry textbooks at all. There will be an app to browse or read any difficult topic, and this is strictly related to their school work. Also, there will be an app for educational games like the adage that says all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. With this, they can unwind after a hectic day at school. It will be beneficial in many ways. Firstly, it makes learning to be easy and accessible. Many of them can learn from their comfort zone even if they can't meet up with the class. Secondly, it enables students to learn faster. Students can assimilate faster while using the tablet, as the topics will be simplified. In addition, Students who can't afford to buy textbooks will benefit as all the textbooks relating to their subjects will be downloaded. It is very important to younger people because they are always eager to acquire knowledge and skills; this portable tablet will quench their thirst for knowledge because all the information they need regarding their education is on the portable computer.

Q: What problem does this gadget solve?

A: These gadgets are portable and very advanced. Be it mathematical or philosophical. The gadgets have all the data which can be helpful for the pupils in their learning.

Q: What are the features of this gadget?

A: One of the few advantages to mention is they come with a built-in dictionary and language settings, which means you can look up the meaning of a phrase or word, and you can also translate to another language with a few clicks.

Q: What specific problem or need does your gadget aim to address or solve?

A: The gadget can resolve all the queries a student has because it is built in with prior information, which can resolve multiple issues.

Q: What kind of impact can inventions and technological advancements have on society as a whole?

A: In this era, humans have taken a giant leap in inventions and technology. For example, a few decades ago, people used to communicate on long-distance calls through telephones, which were corded, and they had international calls. They were asked to book in advance and could talk for only a few minutes. But along came the revolution, and today, we can have the luxury not through short messages but through video chat live from any part of the world for several hours. Technology has advanced in several aspects. Now, in this era, everything is instant, from food, education, entertainment, and literally all facets.