Adventure.

Adventures can expand my horizons by exposing me to new people, places, and cultures;

I think people with thrilled personalities and who want to explore new places love adventure.

People who love reading books can feel the adventure, but not as much as adventurouss movies.

Change.

As I see it, significant changes happen after graduation because we need to decide about life's career.

I am planning to improve my income by changing my career.

I definitely enjoy good changes because they will subvert my bad old things such as unhealthy habits.

I feel that the biggest change is my personality.

There are a lot of changes I want to make in the next 5 decades.

Emotion.

I think people are very emotional with things; that's why they keep that thing for a long time.

In the past days, people have emotions with each other; they get with them every morning and evening, and they have more trust.

Experience.

I believe that it is common for individuals to experience changes as they grow older, and I am not an exception to this.

It's actually not a good experience when I am in a hurry.

One of my most memorable experiences was the first time I made a meal for my family.

Hurry.

I usually go out in a hurry because that's when I suddenly realize that time is running out.

If I forgot to do something that is urgent, then I would do it in a hurry.

Mistake.

If we look at our past, then we can see what type of mistakes we or other people made so we can solve them in the present.

Past.

It is good to record the past because we can learn from our past mistakes.

Stage of life.

I like my current stage of life.

I think college life is the most important time in my life so far.

I think my childhood was the happiest time for me, because at that time there were no pressures, and we could do what we wanted to do.

I think the happiest stage of my life was childhood.

I think this period of time is the most important stage in my life because I am young and I need to make money for a better future.

In the next phase of my life, I expect to change my career for a higher salary, and not be under too much stress.

It was a magical time where every day promised a new adventure!

My goal for the next stage of life is to go abroad to make money with my skills.

People often remember life stages through vivid memories attached to emotions or significant events.