Q: Describe your (or your friend's) experience with an illness or injury. You should say: what is was? when did it happen? how you (or your friend) handled it? and say how you feel about it now.

A: I would not be thrilled to talk about this incident. It was back in August 2020 when the whole world was locked down due to the COVID-19 virus. I, being a medical professional, was under the demand to serve the country. While fulfilling my duties, I did not come to know when I got affected by the virus, and my symptoms started to show. It was a patient-transmitted disease; I encountered a paralytic patient whose COVID test was initially negative. The patient was in a coma and did not show the symptoms readily, but gradually, the staff treating him started showing off the signs, and eventually, I got trapped, too. I remember how I immediately recognized symptoms, quarantined myself, and got admitted to the COVID-19 specialty hospital. It took me 12 days to get discharged and nearly about six months to fully recover. Now, I almost feel like it is my second birth in a single life, and I am much better and stronger than I used to be.

Q: How can people improve their health?

A: Health is the output of what has been fed to the body. A balanced diet and regular exercise are the keys to a healthy life. Following a healthy lifestyle and managing your biological clock. Avoiding addictive substances can contribute to improvement in health.

Q: Do elderly people exercise much in your country?

A: Well, not really. They spend their time enjoying the privileges that come with old age and enjoy the fruits of their hard work during their adulthood.

Q: Do you think all illnesses can be prevented?

A: To be very honest, I believe that all illnesses are resolved because nowadays, in this contemporary epoch health sector is promoted at an alarming rate, and doctors have experience in solving all kinds of issues.

Q: Do you think that illnesses will be less common in the future?

A: Definitely yes, because the enhancement in the technology in the future will protect every individual from illness moreover it is also beneficial for them to lead a good as well as healthy life.

Q: Do you think healthcare should be free?

A: Because health care is the responsibility of authority, the administration should provide free medicine to the residents of the nation as individuals to save their money for the future because as future is uncertain.

Q: What makes someone a good doctor?

A: From my perspective, great things make it fascinating to physicians. First and foremost is who provides the best suggestions to their patients and charges fewer fees to poor people.