Q: Describe something that your country exports. You should say: what is the product? what is it used for? how is it made? and explain why your area produces this thing?

A: Due to globalization, every nation trades with other countries. I am living in China. China exports numerous products to different countries according to their requirements. China is a big exporter of rice. Every year, China exports millions of tonnes of rice to different countries. China's almost 55% of land is used for agricultural purposes. Different kinds of crops and vegetables are produced in different parts of the country depending upon weather conditions. Rice production is almost 30% of all the food items produced from agriculture. Rice is a raw food item used in cooking. It is a traditional food in China. Approx 60% of the population of India eats rice. In our country, in different regions, rice is used as the most loving dish. For instance, Rice is famous in South China. Making rice is very simple. All you need to do is put rice in a jar full of water and just boil it for some time. Everyone has their way of making it. Some just boil it, and some include some vegetables. In agriculture, what can be grown depends on the type of soil and weather conditions. Maximum parts of China are suited for rice production. Economically, it is good because rice is in high demand from its neighboring countries, and China earns a lot of funds by exporting rice to others.

Q: Why is it that people use products that are imported?

A: People consider imported products to be good quality and more durable. So they think it is a good idea to purchase important things, and advertisements do well in promoting the sales of imported goods.

Q: Do different areas have their very own products that are popular?

A: Yeah, every area has their product for which they are famous. Some areas are famous for handicrafts, while others are famous for food because the specialty of a place makes an area famous, and people go there mostly to relish the food and to purchase traditional items.

Q: What food is a favorite around the world?

A: Well fast food is the favorite of all the people, and in fast food, I think Chinese and Mexican, there are very popular. People love to eat fast food as their taste is unique due to ingredients as well as reasonable rates.

Q: Why do people residing in various areas like food that is different?

A: People reside in different areas where food is different because they need to work there as well as for promotional prospects. They start living in a place where food is different from their own culture.

Q: What are some of the top food products that your country produces?

A: My country is well renowned for producing handicrafts. Tourists all over the world like to purchase them, including tangyuan and some desserts.

Q: What are some food products that come from different parts of your country?

A: Well, foreign fruits, toys, and clothes usually come from other countries to my country. There is a good demand for these things as people have great trust in products due to their usability.

Q: What widely consumed food products are mainly imported into your country?

A: Well, breakfast cereals, as well as spices and pasta, pizza, croissants, and doughnuts, are very popular and are eaten more.

Q: Do you think it's essential that a country is self-sufficient in food?

A: Yes, a country needs to be independent in producing food because it will be able to satisfy the hunger of everyone as well, and the prices of food will be reasonable, and everybody can afford, but if these products are imported from other countries, then this will be out of reach for the middle class.

Q: Besides food and the product you mentioned earlier, what else is made in your country?

A: Apart from food products. China is a large producer of leather industries. Many items of clothing accessories like belts, shoes, and handbags, which are good in quality and high in demand, are made of leather.

Q: Do you think the globalization of industry and commerce is a good thing?

A: With the help of globalization, it is easy to trade with other countries. Due to this, nations can import and export different kinds of products. It is beneficial to improve trade relations with others as well as get to know about different types of cultures from different parts of the world.

Q: Do you think every country should make everything it needs or should it import some things?

A: Well, first of all, a country should produce goods for its people because if it can produce enough for the whole population, then it can think of importing something to enhance its economy; otherwise, sending it to other countries and ignoring one's population need can put a country at risk as well as there will be more brain drain.

Q: What are the disadvantages of a country producing everything it needs?

A: If a country produces things only for its population and doesn't import anything to other countries, it has great disadvantages in that it will not be able to increase its economy. In the future, it will not get a good rapport and will be considered backward. Sometimes, a country can increase the prices of products, which are difficult for poor people to pay.








