Q: Describe a friend of your family you remember from your childhood. You should say:
Who was the person? How did your family know this person? How often did this person visit your family, and explain why you remember this person?

A: I would like to tell you something about one of my best childhood friends, Jacky. Jacky was my next-door neighbor and my classmate since we were in primary school, and a real whiz kid in my eyes who excelled in both sports and academic performance. In my memory, he was a sun-tanned, athletic, tall, and macho guy, and fair enough. He proved himself to be a pain in the neck in games like basketball. Sharing a common interest, we used to play basketball together, and he would drop by my place every now and then to play in my backyard, that was how my family got acquainted with him. Off the court, Jacky was a chatterbox. We talked about different things in school and life and shared our experiences with each other. Sometimes we played video games too. Despite the fact that he was a talent in actual sports, he was no match for me in e-sports. We played a variety of video games like EA Sports, Star Wars, etc. Besides, movies were also a part of our topics. We were both big fans of Hollywood blockbusters, and both of us were keen on science fiction films. Whenever there was a newly released movie, we would comment on the plots and characters, special effects, and soundtracks. In times of frustration and setback, I tended to pour my troubles to him when he usually would be a patient listener at first, and then ended the conversation with some encouraging words or mindblowing punch lines that either inspired me or alleviated my pain. Flashing back, those were memorable days that would never fade from my memories, and that was how he turned out to be one of my best friends. Now he is studying in another country, and maybe his life is changing fast over there, but I still believe something will always stay the same in our friendship.

Q: What do you think makes someone a good friend to a whole family?

A: First and foremost, I believe that friendship is an inner relationship combining a list of distinctions, including trust, support, communication, loyalty, and understanding. But apart from these, being a good friend to a whole family takes more, for example, he should be cheerful, amiable, and respectful to all family members. Also, being ready to help and having a good sense of humor would serve as pluses.

Q: Do you think we meet different kinds of friends at different stages of our lives? In what ways are these types of friends different?

A: Sure, we definitely meet different friends in different stages of our lives. It depends on what we are doing and what our peers would be like. For example, when we were in our childhoods, our friends may be those with whom we could hang out or simply those who were willing to lend us a toy bear without hesitation. But when we enter college and become more mature, our friends may be those who share common interests with us, schoolmates, or those we meet in extracurricular activities. And after we've stepped into society, our friends may come from all walks of life, and sometimes our friends may not be among the ranks of our peers, or we may work in different fields of industry.

Q: How easy is it to make friends with people from a different age group?

A: From my point of view, it will by no means be an easy task. Due to the fact that different age groups would normally engage in different social activities, which alone could be an 'access-denied' for many; in other words, they don't have a chance to socialize with each other, besides, different people from different age groups grow up in different period of time, which may inevitably result in different perceptions towards the world and things that arouse interest. However, it would still be possible provided that they can really understand each other or share any common interests.

Q: Do you think it is possible to be friends with someone if you never meet them in person? Is this a real friendship?

A: To be honest, I personally think that it isn't possible to be friends with someone that we have never met in person. I do not deny the fact that there are many means of communication thanks to modern technologies, and the convenience stemming from them is self-evident. For example, the use of web-based instant messengers, SMS, or phone calls. But I still deem it a premise that real friendships should be derived from an authentic social context rather than a virtual or imaginary world. It isn't trustworthy in the first place; moreover, it could even be dangerous due to various forms of web fraud on the Internet.

Q: What kind of influence can friends have on our lives?

A: Friends surely will influence our lives in many ways. As an old saying goes, birds of a feather flock together. How we choose our friends will definitely impact our lives fundamentally. For example, if we stay with friends who are progressive and optimistic, we would find ourselves being exposed to an atmosphere that could be deemed to be motivating and inspiring, and we would be free to challenge life and stay positive, too. However, if we hang around with those who are passive and inactive, we are likely to be low-spirited and hold a sloppy attitude toward life.

Q: How important would you say it is to have friends from different cultures?

A: Personally speaking, I will say that having friends from different cultures is of significant importance based upon several reasons. To begin with, friends from different cultural backgrounds tend to approach issues in different ways, in that we grow up in different social contexts and hence share different sets of education, worldview, and modes of thinking, and the endeavor of understanding that difference will surely turn out to be rewarding and beneficial. Secondly, it also makes good sense if we can have a chance to practice a different language and understand a different culture via socializing with friends from different cultures. I mean, why not? It definitely will prove to be a win-win situation!


