Building.

I have seen a lot of old buildings in Guangzhou.

I prefer living in a modern house because old buildings usually have poor facilities.

I think in China, the most interesting building is the Great Wall, which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World.

It is relatively a new building that was established and constructed at the end of the 20th century, so it is a couple of decades old.

It's a really, really well-built building as well, so it's really quiet and peaceful.

No one can deny that living in a larger home is most people's dream, and people are working hard day in and out to make money to make the dream come into being.

The most popular home in my country must be an apartment with two bedrooms and one living room.

The Summer Palace in Beijing. It was built nearly 200 years ago and used to be a resort for emperors during the summer.

With the urban population soaring, we must demolish some of the old buildings to make a place to accommodate the new arrivals.

Decorate.

I like that it is nicely decorated according to my taste.

I think it is very important to have plants in the house because every house feels fresher when there are plants around.

Floor.

Because it's on the 7th floor, it has a great view, and I can see the garden which makes me really relaxed.

Furniture.

I don't buy furniture quite often.

I think the best furniture is that I bought from JD several years ago.

My wife is a furniture lover.

When I moved to a new house several years ago, I bought a chair from JD.

Museum.

I learned a lot from the trip to the museum.

I prefer to go to history museums.

I think it's good to take students to visit art galleries and museums, it gives them a broader education.

Most of the museums in China cost little in tickets.

Museums are supposed to be given much support from the government.

Museums often hold exhibitions of great works of art.

The museum has become an important educational base for students.

The museum is another place for us to gain knowledge.

The museum is the most impressive one that I have ever seen.

The Palace Museum has a rich collection of antiques.

Visiting museums could help broaden our horizons.

Structure.

A room facing south enjoys good daylight.

I like that it's really spacious and bright.

I would be happier if I had another bookshelf in my room.

I'd like to have a room with a view while staying in a hotel.

It is a simply furnished room with little furniture.

My favorite room I would say is the living room, because there is a large space.

Nowadays people like to live in a big bedroom with a bathroom attached to it.

Some green plants could liven up the whole room.

The apartment has two bedrooms, a living room, and a kitchen.

The painting on the wall creates some ambiance in the little room.

Villa.

Most of the landlords in old China own a big mansion.

Wealthy people enjoy spending their vacations in their villas in the countryside.