Q: Describe a piece of clothing you wear most often. You should say: What is it? How often do you wear it? What is it like? and explain why you enjoy wearing it.

A: Although I have many types of clothing to wear, I am more comfortable with joggers and oversized T-shirts. I have many pairs of them as well as singles. I wear it every day and even during workout sessions in the gym. There are many reasons associated with my liking of this particular outfit. Firstly, it is incredibly comfortable. I am working from home, so wearing formal clothes is out of the question. Secondly, it helps me to work very restfully as it's quite cozy and soft to wear. It also helps during my workout due to quick drying and no material tearing. Thirdly, it also relates quite to my personality as it's pretty easygoing and warm. I often get compliments for my broad range of tracksuits, and they are fancy too. I started wearing this very often during this year, and it has become a habit since then. I hate wearing jeans now and have almost worn out many jeans. Also, one thing good about tracksuits that I wear is that they are of thick quality, so they are quite sustainable in the long run and have no color fade.

Q: When do people wear formal clothes?

A: People wear formal clothes during work and also during class presentations in high school and college. Formal wear gives a professional impression, and it does help to evaluate a person's attitude.

Q: What is the difference between the clothes of the elderly and the young people in China?

A: I believe there is a significant dressing difference between the young and old crowd. Usually, young people tend to follow the latest fashion trends, and they do not shy away from experimenting with eccentric designs or outfits, whereas old people give less importance to new fashion trends and prefer wearing something comfortable and long-lasting. One more striking difference is that the young people intend to buy more clothes as they are less satisfied with the current number of outfits they have, and they do not prefer to repeat, while the old people are fine with repeating clothes as they plan to buy clothes occasionally and not very frequently.

Q: When do people in your country wear traditional clothes?

A: In China, people wear traditional clothes on various occasions and festivals that hold cultural or religious significance. Commonly worn on festivals like the Spring Festival, etc. People enjoy wearing traditional clothes to celebrate.

Q: Do people living in the northern part of your country wear different clothes compared to those living in the South?

A: China is a diverse country, so there is a different climate in different geographical locations. In the northern part of China, people wear thick clothes because the environment is too cold, and in the South, they wear short clothes like T-shirts.

Q: What kind of clothes should people wear at work?

A: Most people at work wear professional clothes, such as a shirt and casual pants, but it depends on the job. If you work in a hospital, you will wear white and tight clothes. Adults in the civil service, such as cops, will wear one specific color of clothing. And mostly in office jobs like the IT sector, they were wearing comfortable clothes because they had to work 8 to 10 hours a day.

Q: What kind of clothes do people wear after work?

A: Usually, people wear comfortable clothes after work because they are much more stressed at work, so they need to be very comfortable at home, so they wear T-shirts like loose clothes because at the office they have to wear professional clothes like tight clothes. And in the office, they have to follow a particular protocol for clothes.

