Ambitious.

I don't think I am that ambitious, really.

My main ambition in life, to be honest, is to maintain a stable, secure, simple, happy life. 

Collect.

I used to collect books for a period. But I simply could not find its amusement.

Color.

Blue is often associated with trust, reliability, and communication.

Colors do play a significant role in my everyday life. 

I do believe colors have a significant impact on a person's mood. 

I have always loved sky blue as well as other brighter colors.

I like the color green because it's vibrant and full of life.

I'm not particularly a big fan of gray because I find it bland and boring.

In my younger years, I used to associate yellow with brightness and positivity, but as I grew up, I developed a preference for calmer and subtler colors.

My favorite color is sky blue, as it gives a sense of liveliness. 

Sky blue also reminds me of the serene waters of the Xiangjiang River that flow through my hometown.

Red is often associated with energy, excitement, and stimulation.

Yellow started to appear too vibrant and too energetic for my taste, and I found myself gravitating towards more, uh, softer and muted tones.

Dream.

During my childhood, my dream was to become a scientist.

I am completely uncertain about my dream job.

I find myself easily swayed by the opinions of those around me and the ever-changing circumstances, resulting in frequent changes in my dreams.

I have realistic dreams, and I make sure I put the necessary effort into making them come true.

I only share dreams with my wife because I think dreams are pretty personal.

I think dreams are just the result of the activities of the neurons that refuse to go dormant while you are sleeping.

If the content of my dream is sweet, I will definitely want it to come true.

In most cases, I can only remember that I had a long dream, but I cannot recall any details.

People are working hard day in and day out to make money to make the dream come into being.

Hobbie.

I like to watch movies or play video games.

I love playing video games.

I really like to play video games.

I think hobbies are important because they help us to be relaxed, recharge, and explore our interests.

Interest.

My hobby of climbing mountains keeps me fit and close to nature.

My interests are manifold, including jogging, reading, and playing computer games.

There are a few activities I do for enjoyment.

Photo.

Although I enjoy taking photos, taking selfies is not my thing.

I am very willing to improve my skills in taking photos.

I enjoy taking photos to record things in life.

My favorite family photo was taken about two months ago when I was having a gathering lunch with my family.

Singing.

I liked singing when I was a kid.

I sing to dispel boredom, abreact feelings, and entertain myself rather than to please others.

I think singing can help people express their emotions.

I would sing when feeling stressed.

In my opinion, singing is the most effective way to alleviate my pressure.

Singing is more like a form of entertainment in my spare time.

When I sing, I forget the daily hassles.

Talent.

I am adept at coding programs.

I discovered the talent of coding when I was studying at university.