Q: Describe a teacher from the past whom you remember. You should say: What class did the teacher teach you, and how old were you? What subject did he/she teach you? What were this teacher's unique qualities? And explain why you still remember this teacher.

A: Well, I am a graduate, and many teachers taught me well. I remember many teachers' names and even their unique teaching styles. Here I would like to describe a teacher who studied math very well during schooling. His name is Zhangsan. he taught me in 10th standard, where I scored 100 out of 100 in the math subject. It was only through his guidance and unique teaching style that I obtained full marks. I remember that I was an average student, but their way of teaching made the subject more interesting. Today, more than 20 years after the completion of my schooling, he is still in touch. Every morning, we meet in the same park, where I go for a morning walk. During teaching hours, he related the math problems to practical life problems, and I solved them quite easily.

Q: What kind of person, in your opinion, makes a good teacher?

A: In my opinion, a teacher who teaches students very well and explains the subject problems with good examples. The most important thing that makes a teacher the best is that students should acquire moral and ethical values from a teacher.

Q: Why do some people choose to become teachers?

A: Well, brilliant students only know the value of a good teacher. Good teaching, we can't measure the amount we pay for teaching, but a teacher known for his knowledge and guidance is a treasure.

Q: Do you think the education process will change in the future? how?

A: Since the development of AI technology, there have been significant changes in teaching. Robots can teach us, guide us, and solve our personal problems, too.

Q: How does technology affect education?

A: Computers and the internet are wonderful gifts from scientists, and an online coaching center affects education.

Q: Who do you think should be responsible for teaching manners and good behavior to young children - parents or teachers? why?

A: In my opinion, both are equally reasonable for teaching manners and good behavior.

Q: What modern techniques should teachers adopt to make teaching more fun and intuitive, especially for children?

A: Well, we have AI technology, which teachers should use by showing practical examples related to students' studies, and teachers can use educational games, which can make it more fun for the children.

Q: How has education changed in your country in the last 10 years?

A: In the last 10 years, a new online tutoring system has started, and more color-printed books are now available for study.

Q: What changes do you foresee in the next 50 years?

A: There are a lot of changes I want to make in the next 5 decades; all schools and colleges should adopt AI technology.

Q: How do the expectations of today's school leavers compare with those of the previous generation?

A: Earlier, parents dreamed that good marks should be obtained by their children, and today, every parent has a dream children should be first in class.

Q: How beneficial do you think it is to group students according to their level of ability?

A: In practical life, what we want to learn, we learn by doing it. Similar to group study, we learn many things from peers.
