Q: Describe a successful small company. You should say: What is this company? How do you know about it? What does it produce? Explain why you think this company is successful.

A: The world has plenty of new ideas. Last week, I received a video from my friend on WhatsApp. The video started with a man placing a food order in a hotel and waiting for his meal. It took too much time for the food to be served, so he started eating the edible spoons, cups, and plates on the table. I found out that those cutlery were the business. The raw materials required for this business are very cheap. They are organic natural ingredients like wheat, jowar, rice powder, millet, grains, pulses, and spices. They started making this at home, where they made molds of cups and spoons manually. When they became confident, they started a business named "ABC". Manufacturing involves simple processes like preparing the concoctions, molding them by hand and by machine, and placing them in an oven. It is a zero-waste, biodegradable, no-plastic venture. Even if the person throws it into the environment, it gets dissolved within 40 minutes and is converted to manure. I think the success of this business is due to the disasters caused by plastic. They started this business at just the right time when the government banned the use of plastic, and hotels and supermarkets are looking for an alternative.

Q: What do you think can be considered as emerging industries?

A: Industries are those that are formed around a new product or centered around a new idea and are in the early stages of development. They are often centered around new technology. For instance, AI health care is an emerging industry.

Q: Is market research important for export business?

A: Market research is essential for success in the export business. You have to research your target market and understand its characteristics to better reach it. If market research is not done, it leads to mistakes that result in losses.

Q: In business, do companies need to be competitive?

A: Undoubtedly, yes. You need to be well aware of what your competitors do and then improve your product. The more your product is chosen over your competitors, the more grateful you become and pressured to maintain the quality of your products.

Q: How can businesses benefit the community in which they are located?

A: Firstly, they create employment opportunities. There are other benefits, as well. Business owners may donate to the needy, participate in charity events, contribute to local non-profit organizations, and motivate youngsters by giving lectures.

Q: What kind of small businesses are the most popular?

A: Businesses related to clothes, such as boutiques, in food such as cafes, in transport such as pick up and drop services, in e-commerce such as doorstep delivery services, are very popular.
