Jeans.

I always choose a pair of jeans, mixed with a short-sleeved T-shirt and a denim jacket when I go out.

I have many pairs of jeans in my wardrobe because they are very durable.

Jeans are the clothing of choice for the majority of Chinese people.

Lifestyle.

Modern lifestyles, which are often urban-centered and technology-driven, can detach people from nature.

There is a growing trend towards shopping online with a busy lifestyle.

Mirror.

A lot of restaurants use mirrors to give the guests the illusion that the space is bigger than it actually is.

I don't really buy mirrors.

I have to look in the mirror to make sure my hair is tidy, my clothes are not wrinkled.

I look at myself in the mirror every day when I wake up.

I think mirror is a very useful decorative item.

In a small house, mirrors can actually make the space look bigger.

Shoes.

I have only bought shoes online from a website named JD.

I'm quite a fishing lover, so I've always been into sports shoes since I graduated from university.

Sunglass.

I usually just buy knock-off sunglasses brands from street vendors.

I'd say I have to wear sunglasses a couple of times a month on the rare occasion that the sun comes out.

People like to wear sunglasses as a fashion statement or as an accessory to their outfits.

When I drive on sunny days, sunglasses are a must.

Surprise.

Chinese people like to give surprises.

I like surprises because I feel special.

I would feel terrible if I did not get any surprises on my birthday.

People give all sorts of surprises to each other.

Surprises are like gifts, a gesture of love.

The biggest surprise of my life was when I went for an interview.

The most surprising thing about getting old is that our needs become limited.

The most surprising thing about me is that I perform my best under stress.

Uniform.

School uniforms hold great significance in schools for several reasons.

Watch.

I believe smartphones have replaced the need for a watch for many people.

I can't recall a specific watch that I've seen.

I don't have a preference for a specific type of watch.

I don't wear a watch because I usually check the time on my phone.

I know that some luxury watches can cost tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars.

I think a classic and elegant dress watch would be appropriate.

I think smartwatches are an innovative and convenient technology that allows people to stay connected and track their health and fitness.

I think there will always be a market for watches in the future.

It was an electronic watch made by Casio.

My wife bought me a watch on my 30th birthday.