Q: Describe a profession one of your relatives has; You should say: what their profession is. the duties they have? how long they have had it?

A: I'm going to talk about my late grandfather. He was into cars his entire life and aspired to make a living around them. He started off as a mechanic at a shop where he worked during his time in college. After graduating, he was lucky to make an acquaintance with a local race team manager and was taken on as a substitute driver. Eventually, he worked his way up to chief engineer of the team. His duties involved making sure that their cars were mechanically in top shape. This meant both routine maintenance and any modifications or upgrades that had to be made to keep the car competitive. He would even test-drive the cars himself to better understand the direction the team had to move in. My grandfather had been doing this for more than fifty years until he eventually passed away at the age of 79 last year. I guess the reason he kept doing the same thing was because he believed it to be his calling. I really envy him. I'd say not many people find their true vocation.

Q: Should a person do what they like for a living?

A: At first, it might sound like a no-brainer-definitely do what you love and make money with it. What could possibly go wrong? As a popular adage goes, do something you love, and you won't have to work a day in your life. However, this idea can be deceptive. Take taxi drivers as an example: do they enjoy the monotony of night shifts, the chaotic inner-city traffic, and the moody clients day in, day out? They probably chose their occupation because they were keen on cars and driving, but many of them surely resent it now. So my point is no, one should probably stay away from the idea of turning their passion intro a profession.

Q: Some countries suggest having a four or even three-day working week. What are the advantages and disadvantages of this proposal?

A: This idea seems pretty good, and people are going to love it, but for different reasons. Some will appreciate the extra free time that they get to spend with their loved ones. Others will relish the fact that their workload is going to get lighter. However, ultimately it will encourage both employers and employees to cut down on so-called "time-theft" - spending their time at work in a suboptimal way. It should be understood that only by using the reduced number of working hours in a more efficient way can a company maintain the same productivity and stay afloat. This implies making some of the employees redundant, namely those unable to adjust to higher standards.

Q: Is it a good idea to work more while you are young and more energetic? why?

A: This is a choice all of us either have to make in the future. It is no secret that while you are in your prime you should take advantage of the resources available to you - your enthusiasm, energy, and ability to learn quickly. All of this is more immediately available in your younger years. On the other hand, some might say that it is much better to enjoy your life rather than spend it climbing up the career ladder. Personally, I'd say that it is wiser to make the best use of your opportunities and create a strong work portfolio while you're young. At the end of the day, working hard doesn't have to mean no fun or free time to do what you love!

Q: What professions are going to be needed in the future? What about professions that will no longer be necessary?

A: It's hard to tell what exactly the future might be like as we live in a world of ever-increasing pace. However, it's fun to make predictions, so I would assume that one of the most needed industries in the future is likely to be IT. Even today such skilled workers like programmers and web designers are in constant demand and we consistently earning much more on average. As our lives get even more dependent on computer technology, we will see the demand for such specialists increase even further. Speaking of professions that are likely to be redundant we should again be thinking of computer-controlled things that could successfully replace human operators. For instance, any job involving driving is under threat of disappearing. Driving a taxi, delivering food or goods, public transit - even planes - those are the things a machine can control. Even today, we can see self-driving cars for sale, and while they can't provide a fully autonomous driving experience it is undoubtedly only a matter of time before they perfect the technology.

Q: How has the way we work changed recently? What other changes might we expect?

A: One of the greatest changes in the business environment we have witnessed recently is the idea of working from home. The pandemic forced many companies to keep their staff working from their own places. Meetings and conferences could be held without ever leaving your house - who could have thought this was possible just a few years ago? Now it's a reality we live in and while some people might not like it, this practice showed employers a way of cutting down expenses as they no longer have to have staff on premises. Therefore, we might witness further distancing from the conventional model of working in an office cubicle and towards working remotely. Large businesses constantly seek ways to optimise running costs and not having to pay rent on office spaces must be a very lucrative idea.

Q: Is it possible that in the future, only a small part of the population will have to work?

A: This is a distinct possibility. The utopian world described in works of science fiction, where only a fraction of the populace does any meaningful work, can become a reality in the future. Just like industrialization made work much more efficient, manual labor will eventually be superseded by new methods of production. This is likely to free up the majority of the population, eliminating the need for them to be working full-time. Maybe the concept of 'work' will shape up into an occupation people do to feel purpose in their lives rather than a necessity to earn a living. After all, spending one's life with no meaningful occupation can take a toll on anyone.
