Q: What's the difference between writing with a pen and typing on a computer?

A: It's easier to fix my typos when typing on a computer with the help of different tools, I like to use the computer if I want to generate a report. Writing with a pen can help me develop a stronger conceptual understanding than by typing. Holding the actual paper and going over the words with a pen allows me to catch.

Q: Do you have good handwriting?

A: I think that I do have good handwriting since I always used to get extra points for my good handwriting when I was attending elementary and high school. Besides, my teachers and classmates often praised the way I write. So I like to believe that my handwriting is nice.

Q: How did you learn your handwriting?

A: If I remember correctly, I was made to use lined papers and notebooks to practice handwriting again and again in order to learn good handwriting. I was also taught how to hold a pen and maintain a relaxed grip when practicing writing by my teachers.

Q: Can we tell someone's personality from his or her handwriting?

A: I think so but it's not always correct. Handwriting does indeed show personality. Both the overall appearance and the individual strokes show exactly who the writer is and how they are feeling at the time of writing.

Q: Do you often write with a pen?

A: Not at all, I prefer to write with a computer, as it is easier for me to fix my typos and I can copy, paste, and delete sentences easily.

Q: Is your handwriting easy for other people to read?

A: It depends on my mood. When I am in a bad mood and I can't focus, my writing is quick and difficult to read. If I am in a good mood, I will write slowly so my handwriting is quite neat, which makes it easy to recognize.

Q: Do you like receiving hand-written letters?

A: Yes, I like receiving hand-written letters since they feel more alive with a more personal touch and effort than the electronic mail or emails that we mostly use for written communication these days.

Q: How important is handwriting in this era of computers?

A: Unfortunately, in this era of computers, the internet, and email, the appeal of handwriting is almost lost since people choose typing on a computer as a mode of communication at offices, schools, colleges, and universities. So, I guess that it is fair to say that handwriting is not really as important in this era of computers as it was in the pre-computer eras.