Q: Describe a day when you thought the weather was perfect. You should say: where you were on this day? what the weather was like on this day? what you do during the day? and explain why you thought the weather was perfect on this day?

A: Talking about a day with good weather, normally, people would like to choose a day with wonderful sunshine. Nonetheless, the day I want to introduce is not sunny at all, and it was the day I spent last year hiking in a mountain with my friends. That morning, we decided to hike for 4 or 5 hours to arrive at the top of the mountain where many breathtaking views were waiting for us. We took much drinking water with us in case the sunshine was so strong that we could be dehydrated. Four or five hours hiking in a hot summer was a tough task for us who were quite familiar with spending our time in offices with air conditioners. Luckily, you will never guess, it was windy in that morning. The breeze gently touched our faces and hair and cooled us down while we were hiking. We even did not sweat much. When we reached the peak of the mountain, the weather turned rainy. There was a crater lake, which many tourists badly want to see on rainy days. The reason is that only when it is rainy, can the most beautiful views be seen there. The water of the lake was till, and the surface of the lake was covered by haze. It looked like the Chinese ink and wash painting. We could not be luckier as we saw the view in person. We spent more time than we planned on the top, so when we went down the mountain, it was already dark. At that time, with all dark clouds disappearing. The weather changed again, and the sky was so clear. We could not help raising our heads to see the firmament with countless stars. What I saw that night was what I would never forget.

Q: What types of weather do people in your country dislike most?

A: It really depends. In the northern part of China, the day with blizzard is what people dislike most since our daily life will be seriously impacted, which means we cannot drive our cars due to the slick pavement. Furthermore, it will be extremely cold, and the coldness keeps most people staying in their homes with doing nothing but watching TV. On the contrary, people in the south of China like to visit northern cities during winter, especially on snowy days, just because they have not seen the snow-covered landscapes. Therefore, after heavy snow, we can only find tourists on the streets playing with the snow and taking as many photos as they can--since all the locals are staying at home and watching TV.

Q: What job can be affected by different weather conditions?

A: People whose jobs require them to work indoors do not care about the change of weather, but people who often work outdoors need to pay attention to the weather conditions. Drivers who drive cabs or trucks have to be quite careful of different road conditions that can be affected by weather conditions directly. Pilots of airlines of course need to read weather reports very often while driving the airplane. For them, weather is a natural challenge that they have to face with enough carefulness every day.

Q: Are there any important festivals in your country that celebrate a season or type of weather?

A: Yes, there are. The reason is that many years ago, I mean in ancient times, people used to create a calendar according to the changes of seasons and weather. In agricultural society, the changes of seasons and weather were fairly significant for people to cultivate and reap crops. That is why actually Chinese have 24 traditional festivals connected with seasons and weather, which people use as cues to inform what they should do with their farmland. By the way, the most crucial one for every Chinese is the Spring Festival which means the beginning of the spring.

Q: How important do you think it is for everyone to check what the next day's weather will be? Why?

A: I have to say for most people checking the weather report every day is not really necessary or essential. Usually, the weather can be predictable by people's life experience, and according to this, people can decide which clothes they will wear. When some extreme weather is coming, people can easily be informed by news, and people living in cities will be noticed by texting messages at least one day beforehand.

Q: What is the best way to get accurate information about the weather?

A: Meteorological satellites are being used widely all over the world to take images, and then those satellite images will be analyzed by some experts with mathematical models to calculate what the weather will be like. I am not 100% sure about this procedure, but generally speaking, that is how people work to predict weather. By the way, I used to watch many American movies about tornadoes, and this is how I know a little bit about them.

Q: How easy or difficult is it to predict the weather in your country? Why is that?

A: China is a country with certain space technologies, and of course, our government pays billions of RMB for the relevant research. As far as I can remember, China successfully launched a meteorological satellite in the 1980s, which could work round the clock for taking pictures. Through this satellite, weather prediction is not rocket science. Nowadays, this satellite has already been retired for many years. Fortunately, launching rockets with satellites is an easy task as we do that quite often.



