AI

I believe AI can enhance productivity if used efficiently, allowing employees to meet their deadlines and achieve their targets more easily.

I believe AI could rival and even outperform human intelligence in some areas, but doing so completely is no walk in the park.

I see AI as a teacher with unlimited patience and vast knowledge who can answer almost any question.

I think AI makes life easier, despite certain concerns for its ability to cause unemployment and possibly take over the human race.

I think AI will make people lazier and less physically active.

I think restrictions should be placed on the use of AI, because it can become a deadly machine if used for evil reasons.

It is a machine replicating human thought and decision-making.

Given the chance, I would enhance AI to be more representative of human individuality and to be naturally erroneous.

Attitudes.

I think people are not as social as they used to be because they don't get out anymore, like to visit a bank or talk to a bank teller.

I think that technology is immensely beneficial both at work and in daily life.

These days people who are really good at writing computer programs get a lot of attention as well as politicians.

Computer.

Computers can be a two-edged sword.

Computers have received more and more social attention from all walks of life.

Computers have made our lives easier.

Computer viruses can cause a lot of damage.

For me, a computer is a means of study and entertainment.

Given the chance to upgrade my computer, I would replace the GPU and add some more RAM.

I don't like to share my computer with anyone else.

I use my computer to finish my job work.

I use my laptop every single day for both school and entertainment.

I Would say that I use my computer anywhere from 6 to 10 hours daily.

I'm a computer master.

It is said that the radiation of the computer screen is harmful to our health.

Many young people are obsessed with playing computer games and neglect their studies.

Many young people indulge themselves in surfing the Internet and neglect their studies.

Our life is made more convenient because of the invention of computers.

Pregnant women should not sit in front of a computer for too long.

The computer is a problem while it brings convenience to people.

The computer provides people with different sorts of entertainment, such as listening to music and watching films.

The first time I used a computer was back in university.

There are many different functions that computers have.

Internet.

A person can find a lot of up-to-date information on the Internet.

I don't like those social networking sites, such as TikTok.

I have been learning a lot of English online these days.

I use the Internet as often as most people, I'd like to sit at home and surf the web.

I mostly like the Internet to play computer games.

The Internet has such a wealth of knowledge that it has become a treasure.

Invention.

There are probably many great minds and inventions that never come into the public's eye.

Products.

Honestly, I have tried to make a conscious effort to limit my use of technology, especially when I feel that it is affecting my productivity and mental well-being.

I also like to buy electronic goods so you know things like an iPhone or iPad. 

I also rely on household appliances such as a refrigerator, a microwave, and a washing machine.

I recently delivered a presentation using Microsoft Office in my company last week.

I use technology on a daily basis and it provides a lot of comfort and convenience to me.

I use the internet daily for multiple purposes.

I usually try to mute my mobile by 9 pm every evening.

If I could purchase any item, it will surely be one of those robot cleaners.

In the future, I'm planning to buy a tablet from a famous brand like Samsung or Apple so that I can keep up with my work on the go.

Let me see, um, it's been quite a while since I last bought something, but I believe that gadget was a pair of AirPods.

On a daily basis, I use my smartphone, a laptop, and various apps for communication, work-related activities, and entertainment.

Something that I can recall from the back of my head is once during a presentation, my laptop crashed, leading to a moment of panic.

Technology.

I do believe that children should have a limit on their use of technology.

I think that drone delivery might become commonplace.

It is important to strike a balance and ensure that technology does not take up all my time and attention.

Modern science and technology have a huge impact on people's way of communication.

People can find all kinds of books on the Internet for free.

People have been doing banking services conveniently from their homes, online.

People these days pay their internet bills, like this wasn't available fifty years back, or half a century back, so they didn't need to worry about it.

Technological developments have been quite useful in mitigating the damage caused by an unexpected event.

This website helped me to understand the structure of the different sections and provide me with lots of materials to learn from.