Boredom.

I believe that adulthood is more prone to monotony compared with childhood.

I seldom experience boredom, even when alone, as contemporary entertainment options like smartphones and video games offer constant engagement.

I should say all the things I have little interest in are pretty boring.

I used to think that school life was boring until I went to work.

In situations where I'm engaged in activities that don't align with my interests, boredom tends to set in.

When boredom strikes, I often engage in social media scrolling.

Entertainment.

Last Sunday, I went out with some friends for karaoke and we had a really great time.

Fishing.

Fishing is immensely popular in China, particularly among retired individuals.

I actually love fishing more than any sport.

I think the reason why people go fishing is that they regard it as a pretty good activity for leisure.

I usually go to the Zhujiang River for fishing.

Game.

Do not waste too much of your time playing PC games.

Every coin has two sides.

Game is a way to relax and kill time.

I am interested in RPG games rather than shooting games.

I am not addicted to PC games at all.

I certainly do not think that people under the age of 14 should be allowed to play these games.

I didn't have many games to play when I graduated from university.

I played games yesterday for a couple of hours just to decompress.

I think games will become more realistic.

I think that computer games should not only be allowed but they should be encouraged in schools from as early as grade one.

I've got many friends who are at least into one of these types of games.

Playing online games can let us make more friends.

Some games can practice our logical and creative thinking.

Some games contain too much violence, which is not good for young people at all.

Some games from America can help me learn English while playing.

Some other genres that millions of gamers play are role-playing, FIFA, Sims, and Simulators.

The figures in the game are quite the same as those in Greek fairy tales.

There are lots of video games that are designed with teaching and development in mind.

With the development of CPU and RAM, cellphone games are becoming more and more diverse.

Happiness.

As the saying goes, extreme joy begets sorrow.

For me, my happiness is closely tied to my family.

For me, working is the source of happiness.

Happiness could not be bought with money.

Happiness means different things to different people.

Happiness should not be achieved at the expense of others' interests.

I was having the time of my life.

I will never forget the day that event happened.

I will remember this happy event as long as I live.

Those who are easily content are always happy.

When I heard the news I was as happy as a lark.

Hike.

I make sure that I spend time on weekends or during holidays to venture into the lush green hills of Guangzhou and its landscape around the city.

I would like to go there with my family because we cherish spending time together.

In my leisure time, I like to take long hikes in nature with my wife.

Last Weekend I went for a hike with my wife and we had a lot of fun.

One of my favorite things to do is to connect with nature by going on long walks or hikes.

Yesterday, for example, we had a very nice hike in the BaiYun Mountain.

Puzzles.

As a man who does not enjoy reading, I often find word puzzles beyond my capability.

I believed that solving puzzles was a good way to stimulate children's intellectual development.

Puzzles can help senior citizens eliminate boredom and have quality time while they are alone.

While I am on a trip, I prefer puzzles with a stable structure, like the Rubik.

Relax.

And on Sunday I went to the park for a stroll and took some pictures of plants.

From 6 p.m. onward, I'd like to eat supper.

I have lots of fun to chill out and have fun.

I love spending time with both my family and friends.

I usually find that this is enough time to relax and recuperate.

I usually spend my evenings with my family.

I usually spend my weekends with my family.

I would relax usually on the weekdays after seven.

In my leisure time, I like to play computer games and read books.

In my leisure time, I like to read books.

Singing.

I liked singing when I was a kid.

I sing to dispel boredom, abreact feelings, and entertain myself rather than to please others.

I think singing can help people express their emotions.

I would sing when feeling stressed.

In my opinion, singing is the most effective way to alleviate my pressure.

Singing is more like some form of entertainment in my spare time.

When I sing, I would forget the daily hassles.

Sit.

Ever since my daughter was 1 year old, I repeatedly taught her not to sit on the floor.

I often play video games which involves a lot of sitting.

If I have enough sleep, I will be energetic whether standing or sitting.

my favorite place to sit is the chair which I bought from Decathlon.

Stress.

I think having good food and a little bit of exercise helps generate more energy and decrease anxiety and stress.

Nowadays children are under more pressure from competition.

We should train children in practical skills.

TV.

I am a person who is fed up with the same type of TV show.

I enjoy TV programs about news, especially foreign news shows.

I have a TV in the living room on the wall.

I often watch TV programs in my room.

I think things like doing good deeds such as helping the old and protecting the animals should be emphasized more in TV programs.

I watch TV quite often, about every day for an hour or two.

Normally, When talking about TV programs, I would shut up if my friends were not interested in it.

The time allocated for kids to watch TV is a lot more than in the past.

TV shows have changed a lot, there is more curse language and more violence.