Q: Describe a businessperson that you admire. You should say: who this person is? how do you know this person? what kinds of business does this person do? and explain why you admire this person.

A: Well, there are hundreds of articles about successful businesspersons I often come across when I read the daily news. Recently, I have read a piece of news about a famous businessman, Adam Lambert whom I admire the most. Actually, he was born into a typical lower-class family in Scotland and lived in a weaver's cottage. He lost his parents at an early age and couldn't afford to go to school. For survival, he started selling cakes at $2 only. After saving up enough money from this small profitable venture, he invested in a second-hand car and set up a car rental business. His business grew gradually but steadily, and he became a billionaire. He was not only a successful entrepreneur, but he was also a philanthropist who donated lots of money to help the underprivileged. He has helped thousands of people to establish their small businesses to earn their own living, which contributes greatly to society. So that's why I respect this person so much. He is a true legend to me. I have followed him on Twitter and Facebook, where he shares his innovative ideas and motivates young people to have their own startups. I hope I will become a successful businessman like him in the future.

Q: What do you think should be the retirement age for men and women?

A: In my humble opinion, the retirement age for regular laborers should be 55 for women and 60 for men. People who do hazardous or heavy work or work in a place with harsh living conditions should retire at 55 for men and 50 for women. For white-collar workers like teachers, doctors, etc the retirement age should be 60 for both men and women.

Q: What qualities do people need to run their own business?

A: I think the most important quality is financial management because the ultimate aim of most businesses is profit. Besides, an entrepreneur should have good leadership skills to delegate effectively.
