Q: Describe a time when you had to spend a lot of money on a special occasion. You should say: when do you spend money? what did you buy? where did you buy it? and explain why you spent a lot of money on it.

A: Well, many times, people spend a lot of money on purchasing clothes and gifts and making expensive trips overseas or inland. Here I would like to speak about a time when I spent a lot of money. It was my daughter's birthday, and I bought a doll's house for her. I bought this gift from my city's best shop, Toy's Land. It was a storeysstoriestwo-story Dollhouse that my daughter saw, and she urged me to buy it for her. At that time, I ignored her demand because I wanted to give it as a surprise to her. So I gave her on her birthday, and she was very happy to see it. I bought this house for her because it had multi-functions an side by side, it can be made my daughter Independent to know about kitchen appliances as well as what things are used for what purposes. It was an educational toy. I was astonished to see that she enhanced her vocabulary as the name was written in English on every utensil as well as the functions of other things. She also learned the difference between words such as story is a tale, and story, which is used for building. I was very happy because it brought a smile to my child's face.

Q: Why do people save money?

A: People save money so that they can use it in the future and don't need to depend on other's mercy. They can use it for medical purposes as well as making trips.

Q: Do you think rich people are happier than those who are not rich?

A: No, happiness can't be bought with money. It has nothing to do with money. People can be happy without money, so it's an internal state of mind. People feel happy even with less money as they have a supportive family and positivity.

Q: Do you think children should learn money management?

A: Yes, children must learn money management. If they learn it in their initial period of life, they can lead a very comfortable life. They will not be spendthrift and will spend money wisely.

Q: Why do many people apply for credit cards nowadays?

A: Many people apply for credit cards because they can do purchasing hassle-free and can do purchasing hassle-free and can make any transaction easily. Also, they can take credit to spend more if they don't have money, so it is very feasible, and they don't need to carry cash.