Advertisement.

So advertising, I think just advertising in the media has contributed to globalization.

When celebrities endorse products, it makes people want to buy them.

When people are choosing gifts, they tend to be influenced by advertisements.

Brand.

Generally speaking, the more high-end the product or the brand is, the more funds tend to be invested in customer service.

Customer service.

A dissatisfied customer usually tells a lot of people about their bad experiences and this can ruin their business.

Being rude to the customer should be avoided at all costs.

Buying from the local market allows me to get a wide variety of seasonal fruits and vegetables.

I prefer buying fruits and vegetables from a local market as much as possible.

I like the vibrant ambiance of local markets interacting with the local farmers and supporting the local economy. 

I think that health clinics or car dealerships may go bankrupt if they mistreat their clients.

I think when there's that tough customer, the on-site manager should be called to help as best as possible.

If they only care about profit instead of satisfied customers, which ultimately often leads to their own downfall.

It is the store manager's responsibility to train and supervise their staff to make sure that customers are always happy.

Local markets offer fresh produce that is locally sourced from nearby farms. 

Personally, I would say that customer service is extremely important.
Local market.

The customer needs are really important to consider.

Handicraft.

Handicrafts are sold at many tourist sites as souvenirs.

Handicrafts are more ethnic and can help you understand the culture there.

Handicrafts are more time-consuming and delicate than those made of machines.

Handicrafts sometimes are unique so they're of great value.

Many handicraft skills are only passed to male descendants of the family.

Many people in rural areas make handicrafts as a source of income.

Products made of the machine can never take the place of handicrafts.

Refined handicrafts are welcomed by foreign guests.

Some products made of the machine look almost the same as handicrafts, which makes it hard for us to tell.

The local government should take some measures to protect some handicraft-making skills.

The skills to make handicrafts such as paper cutting are national treasures.

The skills to make some handicrafts are to be lost.

Price.

I think buying products online give the opportunity for customers to find prices that are very competitive.

The coupons could offer extra discount on prices for individuals.

Product.

I do believe that the ways people select and purchase goods will be very different in the future.

I think that in this day and age, it's not just about a tangible product, but more about an ideal image created by a company that everyone loves.

Shopping.

I do go shopping, it's probably not often.

I think the technology has really aided people when it comes to shopping,

I prefer to go shopping alone.

Using Google glasses for shopping, you can just look at objects and just select the frame.

Review.

I think these days shoppers choices are highly impacted by their online search, as well as customer reviews.

People can price-match products just about anywhere and anytime, and also they can give a bad review very quickly.

Toys.

A couple of months ago, I bought a toy for my daughter from JD online.

Given the chance, I'd make some kind of educational toys that could help children to learn English from a very early age.

I think that buying toys online, or in big toy stores is good because of the wide selection and competitive pricing.