Q: Describe a shop near where you live that you sometimes use. You should say: what sorts of products or services it sells? what does the shop look like? where it is located? and explain why you use this shop?

A: The shop near where I live and I sometimes use is called "Your DIY Gift". As a matter of fact, this shop is located right in the center of my community and this helps to attract customers for its favorable location. The shop looks quite small, covering only around 50 square meters but the furnishing style is quite fashionable and to the taste of numerous youngsters. Unlike most of the other shops adjacent to my community, this shop deals in a kind of DIY gift called DIY mugs. When there is a special festival or someone's birthday, some customers will buy this kind of commodity. What the customer should do is provide an electronic photo and choose a mug in a suitable size. The shop can use some unique technology to make sure that the DIY mug can show the photo when hot water is in and the photo disappears gradually when the water is getting cool. This product is one of the most unique ones that I have ever seen. I sometimes use this shop to make a DIY mug for my friends or family because this innovative gift can bring them a pleasant surprise. Another reason is that the cost of the mug is also not high, and thus it's a good choice to buy this gift. From my perspective, this shop will attract more attention from people due to its creative ideas.

Q: What types of local businesses are there in your neighborhood? Are there any restaurants, shops, or dentists for example?

A: Generally speaking, there are four types of local businesses in my neighborhood including supermarkets, restaurants, dentists, and real estate companies. The nearest supermarket and restaurant are often the best choice for people who live in the same building as me on account of the reasonable price and good service. However, private dentists in my neighborhood don't seem so popular since many people suffering from toothache often go to a hospital where the medical insurance covers part of the fees. Besides, real estate companies which are located everywhere in my city also exist in my neighborhood, but I don't usually pay much attention to this kind of business. Perhaps that's all about the main types of local businesses in my neighborhood.

Q: Do you think local businesses are important for a neighborhood? In what way?

A: In my view, the answer is positive, and the importance of local businesses for a neighborhood includes several aspects. The most noticeable point is that great convenience is brought to the local residents due to the various products and services that local businesses provide. What is also obvious is that the prosperity of the neighborhood can also be boosted if there are more local businesses. Indirectly, more job opportunities might also be available for the local people the reason that all those local businesses in the neighborhood need a labor force as well. That's all about my thinking on how local businesses are important for a neighborhood.

Q: How do large shopping malls and commercial centers affect small local businesses? Why do you think that is?

A: There is no denying that large shopping malls and commercial centers exert a negative impact on small local businesses for the reason that large shopping malls and commercial centers have noticeably more competitive advantages as compared to small local businesses. To be more specific, there are numerous kinds of commodities available in large shopping malls or business centers, which attract a considerable number of consumers. Even if small local businesses are often nearer to the residents, the advantage of large shopping malls' free delivery service within certain kilometers can never be ignored. Obviously, a greater market share is taken up by large shopping malls and commercial centers rather than small local businesses. Accordingly, I believe large shopping malls and commercial centers have a strong unfavorable impact on those small ones.

Q: Why do some people want to start their own business?

A: Well, from my point of view, different people may have diverse reasons why they want to start their own business. Specifically, some people just hope to make more money by starting their own business since it's widely agreed that starting a successful business can help to make easier money. Additionally, some others just want to accumulate more business experience from a different angle and even realize the dream of the whole family. That's my understanding of why some people want to start their own business.

Q: Are there any disadvantages to running a business? Which is the most serious?

A: Yes, there are several drawbacks to running a business. One of them goes to the economy, which means many private businesses can't really make profits, especially in the first few years since the competition nowadays is extremely intense. The most serious one is that running a business brings heavy psychological pressure to the owner, and this kind of pressure can come from the management of employees, suffering from economic loss as well as continuous working for his or her own business, and so on. All the above is not to make people's life count but to make people count the days of life. That's what I believe.

Q: What are the most important qualities that a good business person needs? Why is that?

A: There are some qualities which are the most important for being a good business person. One of the obvious qualities that good business people need is integrity, and this is the experience taught by many histories. In addition, being intelligent is another essential quality in order to be a good business person due to the factor that good and successful business people need to learn innovative things faster so as to adapt to the changing world better. Of course, there might be some other qualities, but in my opinion, the above-mentioned points are the most crucial ones.






