Q: Describe Something or Someone that made a lot of noise. You should say: who or what made the noise? what was the noise like? what did you do when you heard the noise? and how do you feel about it?

A: Many times, it happens when I hear loud noise; here, I would like to explain an incident when a whole day I suffered from noise and couldn't do anything. A few years ago, a road construction team is doing some repairs to the drainage system. In front of my home, there was a blockage in the drainage pipeline. They had to break all the concrete to reach that underground pipeline; to break that road concrete, they were running an impact hammering machine. I still remember that it was Sunday weekend, and last Saturday night, I returned from a late-night party. The next morning, when they suddenly started that machine, it was a really high-pitched sound, and I suddenly woke. I rushed to the exit gate to see what happened. It was civil engineers who were repairing that drainage system. After 3 to 4 hours, they stopped; I thought they had completed their work, and after half an hour, they started again. Actually, it was their lunch break. To avoid that unwanted sound, I used an ear plug and covered my ears, but nothing worked. Finally, I decided to visit one of my friend's home and spend some time over there. After dark, when I returned home, they all were gone after being repaired.

Q: Where can people hear a lot of noise?

A: In China, there are many noisy places. We can hear traffic noise on roads and industrial noise in industrial areas.

Q: What may happen when someone listens to very loud music using headphones when they are running or hiking?

A: Well, using headphones or earphones for more than an hour is dangerous for human ears. Loud or high-pitch volume can cause loss of ear impairment, resulting in permanent deafness. Moreover, while running and hiking, people use headphones to ignore whatever is happening around them. They are not connected with nature.

Q: What Can be done to reduce traffic noise?

A: Using new technology vehicles, electric vehicles are one of the best solutions to reduce traffic noise.

Q: Do you think the world will be noisier in the future?

A: Well, no one can predict the future, but they might not because scientists and researchers are now more focused on green belt inventions.