Q: Talk about a famous chef or cookbook author whom you admire. You should say: Who is he? What does he do? Why do you admire him?

A: Well, being a chef is not an easy task. It is very difficult for a chef to win the hearts of people by making delicious food items. Here, I would like to speak about a famous chef, who is well-known in the whole world, and he is none other than Gordon James Ramsay. He is known for his generosity and outgoing personality. He is a great chef and has settled in the UK. I admire him more because he is very hardworking and dedicated to his work, and he inspired a million youngsters to exhibit their talent in MasterChef. He had an unfortunate childhood, but he never lost his heart and showed his interest in cooking. Actually, he was interested in working in the kitchen, and his critical words and well-known TV shows gave him big business success. It made him interested in making his career as a chef. After struggling a lot, he became famous. He proved that nobody can stop a person from achieving success if he is confident and has a willingness. So, this is the person whom I admire the most.

Q: What initially drew you to this chef or cookbook author?

A: Well, I was mostly influenced by his courage because he had a leg deformity, but despite this, he exhibited his talent as a great chef, and this really inspired me more.

Q: Can you mention any specific dishes or recipes from them that you've tried or want to try?

A: Yes, I have tried a pancake by watching his video. I made it by using fresh fruits and vegetables, and it was so delicious and healthy. I tried it 3 times, and after that, I was able to make it perfectly.

Q: How has this chef or author influenced your cooking or reception of food?

A: This chef has greatly influenced me to know more about spices, herbs, and how homemade things can be made delicious by using basic things in the kitchen. Moreover, the appearance of a dish is as important as its taste, so I learned a lot about these things.

Q: Do you own their cookbooks or regularly watch any of their shows?

A: Well, I have subscribed to his YouTube channel and regularly watch his TV shows about foreign cuisines and get up-to-date information. He also teaches how a person can blend foreign food into their cultural food.

Q: What unique qualities or style does this chef or author bring to the culinary world?

A: He has brought a new trend in cooking, as using less oil and preparing food with the help of steam can be beneficial for people. Now, people are unhealthy due to excessive unhealthy ingredients, so he gave a unique way to combat diabetes. Diabetic people also get a variety of food items or recipes through his instructions.

Q: Are there any anecdotes or stories about this chef or author that particularly resonated with you?

A: Yes, his personal story, when he was a child, really had a great impact on me, as I was greatly influenced by the way his life unfolded because of his unfortunate childhood. He did not lose heart and showed his interest in cooking, and now he has become a successful chef.

Q: How do you think this chef or cookbook author stands out from others in the industry?

A: This person really stands out from others in many ways, as he belongs to a poor family. Despite being poor, he never stopped himself from chasing his dream to become a successful chef. He continued to work hard and even started his career on a low salary, but now, with his efforts and hard work, he is a successful person.

Q: Would you like to meet them in person, and if so, what would you ask them or discuss with them?

A: Yes, I would like to meet him personally and would like to know more about cooking. Moreover, knowing about foreign cuisines and what things are mostly needed to become a good chef is really needed to know from him, as he is an expert in cooking, so I would like to discuss these things.