Q: Describe a film or a TV programme that has made a strong impression on you. You should say: what kind of film or TV programme it was, E.G. Comedy? when you see the film or TV programme? what the film or TV program was about? and explain why this film or TV program made such an impression on you.

A: Well, in this fast-growing era, everybody has a hectic schedule. So people have no time for themselves, but thanks to technology, it helps the masses entertain themselves while sitting at home. Here, I would like to talk about a TV program that had a strong impression on me. The name of this TV show is "Comedy Nights with Kapil." I watched this program with my family in the past, and I loved it because, despite my hectic work schedule, it made me laugh. All the family members were very happy when we sat in the drawing room, enjoying snacks and hot tea. While watching it, all the family members came together, and we had a belly laugh. The punches used in this TV program were mind-blowing. Additionally, my grandmother, who often felt depressed, found it highly entertaining. We didn't have time during the week, but on weekends, we were full of excitement. I think people should watch such TV programs if they want to relax and be entertained. These kinds of programs should be broadcast more on television to engage people and help them get rid of their worries.

Q: Do you think the cinema has increased or decreased in popularity in recent years?

A: Yes, the popularity of cinema has decreased nowadays. Due to unforeseen circumstances, people avoid going outside, and they prefer to watch their favorite movies or shows on the Internet. Watching movies or other programs on Netflix and other valuable sites is gaining ground nowadays.

Q: In your opinion, will this trend continue?

A: Yes, definitely, this trend will continue in the future because the future is unpredictable. Situations, where people avoid going outside, can happen again due to reasons like COVID-19 and other issues like kidnapping and murder. So, people will watch more on the internet.

Q: What are the advantages and disadvantages of making films of real-life events?

A: If films are made based on real-life situations, people can relate to them better because such films represent the true picture of society. People will try to amend their mistakes and be kind to others.

Q: How important do you think it is for a filmmaker to remain true to the original story?

A: filmmakers don't have to stick strictly to the real story because distortions in the film can entertain people more. If the story goes beyond people's imagination, they will take more interest and enhance their imagination to judge the climax of the film.

Q: Should films and television be censored or should we be free to choose what we see?

A: TV or films should be censored because only then can they work well in society. Otherwise, if a film is released without considering its impact on society, there is a higher chance of creating disharmony.

Q: How do you think censorship laws will change in the next twenty years?

A: Censoring films will definitely change in the next twenty years. People will not want films that have a negative impact on their psyche, and if they find such content, they will protest at a greater pace.