Advertisement.

Advertisements can interrupt the flow of watching a program, and seeing the same advertisement repeatedly can be irritating.

Advertisements help raise awareness about trends.

Advertising seems omnipresent in today's digital age.

It's rare to see ads at school.

Many online advertisements excel in creativity and effectiveness.

Most parents believe the government should act against such ads.

So advertising, I think just advertising in the media has contributed to globalization.

Some advertisements are inappropriate, especially when watching them with children, as they may start asking questions.

Some ads, like fast food and sugary drinks, can be harmful to children because of their presentation and sound.

The difference between a television ad and the Internet is the use of data to view them.

The government should reconsider allowing such advertisements.

There are kinds of advertising in modern society.

TV advertisements have no option to skip, so people are forced to watch the ads.

We live in a generation where people advertise things in different media such as online television and social media.

We see advertisements everywhere.

When people are choosing gifts, they tend to be influenced by advertisements.

Brand.

Generally speaking, the more high-end the product or the brand is, the more funds tend to be invested in customer service.

I think people who are wealthy are more apt to buy expensive brands.

Cinema.

As we all know, people can be offered wonderful audio and visual enjoyment in the cinema.

I went to the cinema with my family almost every month.

The popularity of cinema has decreased nowadays.

Most plots of the films screened in the cinemas were just too complex for a little kid.

Complain.

I believe complaints only bring to light an inherent problem, but it does not solve the problem identified.

Most people complain when they have high hopes or expectations about someone or something, and that thing or person does not lie up to their expectations.

Rather than complaining, I believe a review of a product or service is a way to identify problems and seek means to solve them.

There are a number of types of complaints.

Customer service.

A dissatisfied customer usually tells a lot of people about their bad experiences and this can ruin their business.

Being rude to the customer should be avoided at all costs.

Buying from the local market allows me to get a wide variety of seasonal fruits and vegetables.

I prefer buying fruits and vegetables from a local market as much as possible.

I like the vibrant ambiance of local markets interacting with the local farmers and supporting the local economy. 

I think that health clinics or car dealerships may go bankrupt if they mistreat their clients.

I think when there's that tough customer, the on-site manager should be called to help as best as possible.

If they only care about profit instead of satisfied customers, which ultimately often leads to their own downfall.

It is the store manager's responsibility to train and supervise their staff to make sure that customers are always happy.

Personally, I would say that customer service is extremely important.

Local market.

The customer needs are really important to consider.

Handicraft.

Handicrafts are sold at many tourist sites as souvenirs.

Handicrafts are more ethnic and can help you understand the culture there.

Handicrafts are more time-consuming and delicate than those made of machines.

Handicrafts sometimes are unique so they're of great value.

Many handicraft skills are only passed to male descendants of the family.

Many people in rural areas make handicrafts as a source of income.

Refined handicrafts are welcomed by foreign guests.

The local government should take some measures to protect some handicraft-making skills.

The skills to make handicrafts such as paper cutting are national treasures.

The skills to make some handicrafts are to be lost.

Market.

Some products are more suitable for selling at markets, such as food and toys.

Online Shopping.

Online shopping is more popular these days because of easy access to a variety of brands and shopping discounts encouraging people to buy things from online websites.

Open-Air Market.

It is uncommon to find various open-air markets that are regularly seen in my countries.

The older people are more likely to shop at the open-air markets.

Payment.

I do use a credit card, especially for purchasing expensive items like electronics.

I find payment apps incredibly convenient and secure.

In my eyes, I don't believe cash will remain popular in the future.

Payment apps reduce the risk of cash theft.

Price.

I think buying products online give the opportunity for customers to find prices that are very competitive.

The coupons could offer extra discounts on prices for individuals.

Products.

A country needs to be independent in producing food because it will be able to satisfy the hunger of everyone as well.

A country should produce goods for its people because if it can produce enough for the whole population, then it can think of importing something to enhance its economy.

China is a large producer of leather industries.

Every area has their product for which they are famous.

Honestly, I have tried to make a conscious effort to limit my use of technology, especially when I feel that it is affecting my productivity and mental well-being.

I also like to buy electronic goods so you know things like an iPhone or iPad. 

I also rely on household appliances such as a refrigerator, a microwave, and a washing machine.

I recently delivered a presentation using Microsoft Office in my company last week.

I think that in this day and age, it's not just about a tangible product, but more about an ideal image created by a company that everyone loves.

I use technology on a daily basis and it provides a lot of comfort and convenience to me.

I use the internet daily for multiple purposes.

I usually try to mute my mobile by 9 pm every evening.

If a country produces things only for its population and doesn't import anything to other countries, it has great disadvantages in that it will not be able to increase its economy.

Let me see, um, it's been quite a while since I last bought something, but I believe that gadget was a pair of AirPods.

Local markets offer fresh produce that is locally sourced from nearby farms. 

My country is well renowned for producing handicrafts.

People consider imported products to be good quality and more durable.

Products made of the machine can never take the place of handicrafts.

Some products made of the machine look almost the same as handicrafts, which makes it hard for us to tell.

Something that I can recall from the back of my head is once during a presentation, my laptop crashed, leading to a moment of panic.

There is a good demand for these things as people have great trust in products due to their usability.

When celebrities endorse products, it makes people want to buy them.

Purchase.

Purchasing new items often evokes feelings of pleasure due to the novelty and the anticipation of enjoying or using the product.

Quality.

I think the most important quality is financial management because the ultimate aim of most businesses is profit.

There are some people who would rather have a few quality items rather than a bunch of cheap quality products.

Shopping.

I do go shopping, it's probably not often.

I think the technology has really aided people when it comes to shopping,

I prefer to go shopping alone.

Making a shopping list is not my style.

Using Google Glasses for shopping, you can just look at objects and just select the frame.

Review.

I think these days shoppers' choices are highly impacted by their online search, as well as customer reviews.

People can price-match products just about anywhere and anytime, and also they can give a bad review very quickly.

Theater.

I would like to say that theater plays an important role in Chinese history.

It is still mainstream for Chinese individuals to go to the theater, especially when some blockbusters are released, like Speed and Furious.

Toys.

A couple of months ago, I bought a toy for my daughter from JD online.

Boys' toys were rated as violent, competitive, exciting, and somewhat dangerous.

Girls' toys were associated with physical attractiveness, nurturing, and domestic skills.

Given the chance, I'd make some kind of educational toys that could help children to learn English from a very early age.

I think that buying toys online, or in big toy stores is good because of the wide selection and competitive pricing.

In this modern community, every child has immense toys which like to play all the time with.

Toys play a significant role in managing the lifestyle of the children.

Wallet.

I actually bought my mom a wallet for their birthday.

I didn't even think about the wallet when choosing presents for my friends.

I have a small wallet with me to keep some cash and my ID Cards.

I have all my bank cards in my wallet, plus my ID and some cash.

I have never lost any wallets.

It seems that fewer friends of mine use wallets nowadays.