Boss.

A good boss gives employees adequate control over how they do their work.

A good boss shall learn to handle labor problems correctly.

A good boss will try his best to reduce personal conflicts on the job.

Being smart and intelligent doesn't mean that he is a good worker.

Don't hire employees who are always goofing off.

Employees who work with flexibility develop an incredible sense of loyalty.

Good employers allow employees to talk freely with one another.

I only employ those loyal and faithful employees.

I will employ those who can verbalize an idea easily.

If I run a company of my own, I'll have some control over how I perform my work.

Running a company of my own will bring me a great sense of success.

The biggest advantage of starting your own business is that you are your own boss.

Business.

Businessmen are mostly focused on turning on the profit.

I suppose that online businesses are quite the fad noeadays because people can enjoy the comfort of working from home.

One of the benefits of owning one's own business is control over time and finances.

One of the negatives of owning one's own business would be the added stress and responsibility.

You'll be working, I'm sure, long hours to ensure that your business does become successful.

Career.

A person wants should make sure that they truly want a new direction in their employment, and that it's not just a sudden decision.

Both achievement and money are reasons that people switch jobs several times during their working years.

Colleague.

A competent colleague sometimes poses a threat to you.

A good colleague is supposed to be efficient and cooperative.

He always brags about his achievements.

He is so careless that no one wants to work with him.

He is the soul of the team.

He is younger than his age, but he is quite professional.

My colleague Huang is much of a friend and he is ready to help me any time.

The members of our office get along like a family.

The relationship among colleagues is more complicated than the campus relationship.

Confident.

If a person is confident, they can really gain the respect and trust of their audience.

Decision.

Getting married is one of the most important decisions I can make in life.

I must be doited to make that decision.

Making decisions is a tough job.

My decision to become a teacher is largely due to my parents' encouragement.

Once a wrong decision is made, rarely is there an opportunity to amend it.

This decision symbolizes a turning point in my life.

This is a decision of life and death.

We can't follow blindly all of our parents' advice.

We should consult our supervisor before we decide which topic to write about.

When making decisions concerning migration, investment, etc, we'd better ask for help from experts.

Ethic.

I think people should do a good job Monday to Friday, just not to earn good money but also to be proud of what they're doing and their contributions towards society.

Mutual respect is vital in establishing relationships with others.

We should not say bad words about our colleagues behind their backs.

Working on a project is a good practice of team spirit.

Job.

I have studied software development for about 4 years at the university and I've also created some projects before graduating from school.

I think I'm more of a creative person, so doing things like developing software and trying to be more creative is quite easy.

I think to be a good police officer you'd probably have to be fairly grounded.

I'm currently working as a software engineer for Daan Gene.

I mainly design and debug software for the company.

I work for a software development company.

It's a lot for my brain to take in, I suppose.

It gives me a lot of satisfaction doing this job.

Job-hopping is common among young people.

So at the moment, I'm working as a freelance content creator, which if I'm being honest, doesn't help much with paying the bills.

The main benefit of being a lawyer is that it's seen to be a very high-paying job.

When I graduated from university, I didn't really know what I wanted to do, and I thought developing software sounded pretty cool.

Leader.

A good leader is always working hard like a horse.

A professional leader is always ready to take challenges and risks.

Good leaders are close to their employees.

I like those leaders who are friendly and easy-going among their employees.

I think that good leadership is absolutely vital for the progress and stability of a community.

If I were a leader, I would be on equal terms with my employees.

Since he is the leader, he is supposed to take the lead.

Plan and decision.

I also learned some strategies to make up my mind.

I asked my father when I was deciding my career path.

I hope I will make a decent pay in the future.

I plan to have a double major in Computer in college.

I think that every decision should be considered from multiple perspectives.

My plan for the quant trade is so I can retire by the time I'm 35.

Rushing the season and not thinking about the decision from multiple perspectives, will often lead a person down the wrong path.

The process of making decisions has a critical impact on everybody's life.

When I'm 35, I may take up finance, and start learning quant trade.

Youngsters can get good advice from professionals on the internet.

Rules.

Rules and regulations are the best way to standardize a company.

Skills.

I think individuals can pick up these skills through example or experience.

I want to attend a course to improve my computer skills.

I'd like to challenge myself in different fields.

In order to have a good job in the future, I shall develop my personal skills.

Most of my works are digital, and I'm often typing as source code on my laptop.

Success.

A successful man always has a goal and strives to realize the goal.

Before you succeed, you may encounter many failures.

Every dog can be successful.

Every man must have had a lot of failures before he got success.

For me winning is everything.

I think a person should be optimistic and physically fit to become successful.

I think the main factor for someone to be successful in their career is passion for work.

I'm proud of the success that he has achieved.

Money is not equal to success.

Achieving success requires perseverance.

To be successful you have to keep one step ahead of other people.

To have a harmonious family is another form of success.

We learn from other people's success.

When seeing an opportunity for success, don't hesitate to go for it.

Working time.

From 7 pm onward, I mostly stay in my room, enjoying video games.

From Monday to Friday, I have to get up early to prepare for work.

I work until 7, so after I get home from work, I play computer games.

Sometimes it can be when a lot of clients want to work with me to collaborate with me at the same time.

The obvious benefit to having an organized schedule is being more efficient and getting more done.

My morning routines vary widely from weekdays to weekends. 