Q: Describe your first day at school that you remember. You should say: Where was it? What happened? explain how you felt on that day. 

A: I vividly remember my first day of school. The school was very close to my house. My father took me for the first time for admission and an interview. But my first day as a pupil was memorable. Because it rained that day, I was very scared to spend so much time alone among my new peers and teachers. I was just hoping that school time would end. Being an introvert, I was lonely and took a seat in the corner of the classroom, and when it started raining, I thought that no one would come to pick me up, and I would be left in the school for a long time. This thought was making me cry. I was ecstatic to see my father waiting for me at the school gate. I could not hold myself back from going and hugging him and crying.

Q: Do you think students should be taken to school by their parents or go by themselves?

A: Many students should go by themselves because their parents will not come. They should learn everything from the shell, and they should become independent.

Q: Should children rely on their parents or be independent?

A: Children should be independent, but they need to be trained first if it comes suddenly to them. They might not like it. It's the parents' responsibility to train their child to be independent.

Q: How can children become more independent?

A: Children can be independent if they are taught by their parents right from an early age. As the children get weaned, they should have their own privacy and should be left on their own.

Q: What is the effect if parents interfere with children's lives too much?

A: There can be a large impact if parents frequently interfere with the child's life. The child will not grow, especially if they stop thinking of new ideas, and they will not feel good when someone asks them to do some activities. Sometimes they will think why they do it by themselves, because, anyhow, parents are there to teach them.