Q: Describe a special meal that someone made for you. You should say: Who did it? When and how did he/she cook? What and why did he/she cook for you? And explain how you felt about the meal?

A: I am going to tell you about a special meal someone made for me three years ago. Back then, I had just graduated from high school, and my best friend and I were about to go to different universities in different provinces. Since we both knew we might not see each other often after leaving for college, he decided to make me a farewell meal as a special way to celebrate our friendship and mark the end of an era. My friend was not much of a cook, so this meal was especially meaningful. He invited me over to his house one afternoon and insisted on cooking the whole dinner by himself, even though I offered to help. He spent hours preparing a simple yet heartfelt meal. He made stir-fried noodles, which was my favorite dish during high school because we often went to a local noodle shop near the school after class. Along with the noodles, he prepared some homemade dumplings, even though I knew he had never made them before. You know, he joked that the dumplings were "special", as some of them were misshapen, but I could tell he put a lot of effort into making them. The meal was far from gourmet, but the thought and effort behind it made it incredibly special to me. I remember sitting at the table, laughing at his kitchen mishaps, but appreciating every bite because of the sentiment it carried. He cooked these dishes because they reminded us of our shared memories during high school and symbolized our friendship before we went our separate ways. Although the food wasn't perfect, the meal itself was filled with meaning. I felt touched by his gesture, and it made me realize that a special meal isn't about how fancy the food is, but about the thoughtfulness and the people you share it with. To this day, I look back on that evening with fondness, knowing that it was not just a meal, but a beautiful memory of friendship.

Q: Should students learn to cook at school?

A: Definitely, there is no doubt that students should be encouraged to learn how to cook at school for real. As a fundamental skill for daily life, cooking deserves to be given importance and learned about on campus, especially children who may help their parents cook at home, or someday, when growing up, they'll cook for themselves.

Q: Do you think people's eating habits would change as they get older?

A: Well, this is a funny question, truth be told, I think so, people's habits of eating habits change as they get older. They'd be paying more and more attention to the importance of health, which has a lot to do with what they eat on a regular basis, thus their habits of eating will get adjusted correspondingly.

Q: What kinds of fast food are popular in China?

A: I suppose the so-called junk food in Western countries has gained a lot of popularity in China. There is a large number of restaurants serving hamburgers, pizzas, and French fries. People, especially youngsters, are really enthusiastic about them, probably because eating this kind of food is time-saving and also very fashionable. But personally, I don't regard it as a positive trend in our society.