Q: Talk about a debatable issue. You should say: What is the issue? Why is it debatable? What side do you support? And how do you think it can be resolved?

A: There is no ambiguity in saying that nowadays, many people debate daily about common things with their kin and sometimes with experts. It has been a controversial matter among people as often as I participated in debate competitions organized by local members and experts on different aspects such as health, transportation, business, farming, globalization, global warming, and studies in science. In addition, all the experience is hauling for myself because I have learned a lot of knowledge related to this purpose. However, I would like to share an important issue: based pollution, which is increasing by leaps and bounds due to the advancement of technology. Apart from that, in 2016, I participated in a debate competition and spoke on pollution, which is increased by traffic, industry, and urbanization. A majority of people are convinced to use private vehicles instead of local transport. Furthermore, even though the debate in the main hall lasted approximately an hour and a half, I chose the negative effects on health and the respiratory system, and experts noted points on the paper. In the past, the masses were healthier and fitter than in the modern world because they used to bicycle and dispose of garbage in farming, but now it is dumped in rivers and on beaches. So, I gave many views I put in front of them that led to detrimental ailments and solutions to tackle them. Furthermore, the government should provide local transport systems that are fast and convenient. This should provide awareness on how to control pollution by recycling, and people should also understand their responsibilities as they prefer to limit private vehicles. I felt overwhelmingly encouraged because the professionals gave me many comments and started clapping at the end of the debate. Since then, I've been fascinated and have always suggested to my cousin, sister, and brother that we debate alternative issues, even if they are unrelated to academics.

Q: Should students get mental health days off from school?

A: Yes, I consider that learners should attain physical and mental stability training from parents and trained experts after school, which helps to decrease the stress in their minds and make them fit mentally. For example, most students have good mental health and can easily concentrate on work in their daily routine.

Q: What topics do you wish you could learn about in school?

A: I learned an enormous topics in my senior secondary. After I got good outcomes in mathematics, science, and physical education, I could learn about cooking on weekends from my tutor according to my interest, which attracted me to cooking, which has long-term position effects.

Q: Do you believe aliens exist?

A: Certainly, I trust existing aliens because they always bring curiosity and attraction to me and help me get more experience regarding things.

Q: Should stay-at-home parents be paid?

A: I think a house guardian should pay up to some extent for numerous reasons, but the predominant one is that it sometimes leads to awful and aggressive behavior. To cite an example, the majority of the population spends a chunk of money on things that are not necessary for them and will face difficulties regarding investment.

Q: Can social media be a tool for learning and growth in schools?

A: Social media promotes self-directed learning, which prepares students to search for answers and make decisions independently. Social network tools allow students and institutions multiple opportunities to improve learning methods.

Q: Should Facebook fact-check political speech?

A: I think that Facebook has the right to decide its policies. I don't have a problem with them doing fact-checking, but I would hope they would be transparent. If they're doing fact-checking, it's because of a perceived desire for that among their user base. They will do as much of it as required to keep their user base growing and enhance their profits.

Q: Should texting while driving be treated like drunk driving?

A: I think driving a vehicle while texting is more dangerous than intoxicated driving. Writing a text message slows down the driver's reactions. Texting can certainly wait. Life is busy but also precious. Texting takes your eyes off the road for around five seconds, which can lead to misfortune. If you can't wait to read a message, pull over and stop first. If you're afraid, you'll give in to temptation, put the phone out of reach, or ask a passenger to read the message and reply.

Q: How do you think China's education could be improved?

A: Training teachers with the latest technologies and advances is the key to improving China's education system. Proper training not only explains that the teachers are updated with the changes of time but also develops the country's education system. Well-trained and skilled teachers can adequately teach the students.

Q: Should public transit be free?

A: No, I do not believe in raising public transportation fees. The charges can be kept minimum, but chargeless will not profit those making a living out of these services.