Q: There are memorable events in life that have a big influence on an individual's future. Such events include school graduation, marriage, birthday, or a special day of unexpected circumstance. You should say: What event changed your life? When did this event take place? Where did this event take place? How did this event change your life and what did you learn from it?

A: One of the most important and memorable days in my life so far is my wedding day. I got married seven years ago in early summer at a government house in Budapest, very close to the Parliament building on the Danube River. I can remember back this day as if it were yesterday. I felt very nervous and uncertain. I knew that the decision to marry my husband would change my life at a fundamental level. I understood once I accepted my husband Peter as my life partner, it meant sharing decisions, goals, and responsibilities, even if they do not always match completely with my own thoughts. Now being married for more than half a decade, my life certainly developed as a result of my marriage. I find I learned to be more patient. For example, my husband and I disagreed about where to spend our summer vacation. We took our time to find a solution that worked for both of us. My husband chooses one year, and I choose the next. Also, I think my marriage has helped to make my life happier. I feel safe and strong with my husband, and we have built a successful retail business together that we have been proud of. And in our daily interactions, we joke and laugh with each other often. So I can definitely say that marriage is an event in my life that had a, that has huge impact and mostly this has been positive.

Q: What makes special celebrations, such as birthdays and weddings different from other events?

A: I believe special celebrations such as birthdays are different from other events in that a unique individual is the start of the festivities. As well, these celebrations are on a specific date, when the person is born or when they choose to get married.

Q: Why do you think it is important for societies to emphasize special moments in people's lives?

A: I'm sure special celebrations are a critical part of society and the community because it tell members that they are valuable, and their friends and family like them and support them in big steps in life.

Q: Do you think there will be special celebrations in the future that don't exist today? If yes, what will they be?

A: Yes, I'm sure there will be some new types of celebration we don't have today because we can see from the past traditions change. However, I have no clue as to what these will be.

Q: Have you ever organized some type of special celebration?

A: Just last month I organized my best friend Julia's birthday. I invited all of our friends and family for some food and bowling. It was tonnes of fun. We enjoyed a delicious meal together and even had some fantastic birthday cake.