Breathe.

Breathing is a vital part of our existence; we need to survive.

Obviously, smog makes it harder for us to breathe.

I've read stories on the internet and in newspapers of cities where people actually suffocate due to the smoke; they literally can't breathe.

Environmental protection.

Aside from protecting nature, I think people should also pay more attention to creating a safe and enjoyable environment for others.

Education and awareness are the key factors in encouraging people to protect the environment.

I recycle and reuse plastic containers.

I think the enhancement of our environment will definitely raise our standard of living.

I recycle and try not to use single-use plastics.

I try to do my part in protecting the environment.

I would opt to use natural cleaning products over chemical ones because they are eco-friendly and do not harm the environment.

Individuals must devote their time freely and volunteer to clean up the environment because of all the damage we have done and are still doing.

Garbage.

Governments should provide the infrastructure, such as containers to segregate garbage.

I never throw garbage on the roads or on the streets.

If I can find a garbage can or recycling bin, I'll take it there.

Global Warming.

Global warming is causing extensive climate changes in China.

Global warming is considered one of the most pressing issues of the 21st century.

NGO.

A couple of environmental NGOs in China are Friends of Nature, or FON as they are normally called, and the Green Home.

I have communicated a lot with people, including some NGO groups such as environmental protection organizations. 

People can volunteer their time or make donations to NGOs like FON or Green Home.

Plants.

I think that having parks and trees in the cities is good for regulating temperature.

Pollute.

All the wildlife is gone there, and the plants are dead.

As the industry and economy are on the rise, more and more factories are showing up, causing air pollution.

Energy consumption is one of the biggest polluters wreaking havoc on the planet right now, so I believe we need to be more into solar energy developments and industries.

The Environment is worsening, so people are worrying about it.

I believe that air pollution is most harmful.

I think if people carelessly and just throw rubbish away, this may cause some damage to our natural environment.

I would say that the cause of pollution is due to industry, such as factories.

It's just not good; obviously, it's devastating to see the effect it has had on the animals and the plants, and it must also affect the residents living in the area.

It's just so polluted, I doubt there's any fish alive still in the water. It was really, really sad to see.

It's one of the most polluted places I've seen in quite a long time.

Pollution, nowadays, is a lot more prevalent, and there are more of us, so we're creating more pollution.

Regulation.

In fact, such regulation will be cost-efficient for people and society in the long run.

One idea that I have thought of to make the planet a better place is to advocate for international clean energy regulations, which people have to follow.

Resource.

I also try to use energy-efficient bulbs.

I also tried to conserve energy by switching off lights and appliances that were not in use.

I think recycling as a culture has definitely influenced the way we live.

I think that tidal energy is an absolute plenitude of power which is completely unharnessed at present.

If people would switch from traditional paper-based activities towards digital, it would help to reduce on using paper.

Waste.

I think the most effective way to help Mother Earth is to reduce waste, so this is the most important.