Q: Describe an activity that helps you achieve your goal in life. You should say: what is the goal? what would you do to achieve it? when will you achieve it? and explain why you want to achieve it?

A: Everybody has some specific role in their life, and I am one of them. And also, I am very passionate about my goals. So today I would like to talk about the special goal which is to remain fit actually what happened was that during my co-domination I stayed at home and did nothing, so at that time my weight was too much increased. So all my family members and my friends advised me to do some exercise on a daily basis. So, after everyone forced me to exercise, I got up early and went into the park. In the park, there is a beautiful jogging track. I almost walk on it for 30 minutes after that, and there is a lot of physical equipment there, so exercise is beneficial for me because it's fast, free of cost, and very good for our health. At this point, I started to avoid junk food. I burn midnight oil to reduce my weight, and I think in 2 to 3 months, I will definitely do it. Actually, I want to lose weight because it's very good for my health because the best is to create too many problems for me like depression and some anxiety problems and also my health is very big compared to my past so I think that it's a best achievable goal in my life.

Q: Should parents set targets for children?

A: In my opinion, I think it depends upon the age of the child. If the child is too small, I think parents should help them to target their goal, but on the other hand, if a child is mature enough, I think parents should give this opportunity to the kid so that he or they will learn how to handle difficult situations.

Q: When do young toddlers begin to set their own goals?

A: I think when toddler dances into the age of 3 to 4 years, they start to make their own goals. For example, in school days, they learn how to play, compare with other people, and learn how to achieve the same goal faster than the other kids.

Q: What kinds of goals are not realistic?

A: They are unrealistic, like fulfilling our dreams, because dreams are not reality. Some people dream about something unique, so in reality, they want to do it, but it's impossible. For example, some people really want to fly, so I think that's not impossible.

Q: Why do people set goals?

A: The main reason behind the best is that people want something because their goals really encourage us, for example, if we set a goal to get up early and exercise to keep fit this really helps us wake up every day because we really want to become fit.

Q: How would you feel if you were unable to accomplish your objectives?

A: I think I felt very sad and blue, but after that, I started doing it repeatedly because if something is not achievable the first time, I definitely try.

Q: Have you ever achieved any goals?

A: Many times, I have achieved short goals. However, I have faced failures, too, but I bounced back from them and successfully reattempted. Recently, I achieved the goal of switching to my dream company, for which I worked very hard to pass the interview rounds even when I was sick. It was quite challenging, but I have been aspiring to join that company since I started working in corporate.