Foreign country.

After my study there, I may choose to settle down there.

For my dream vacation, I would love to visit the captivating country of New Zealand.

I have never been to that country, but I've read a lot of guidebooks about it.

I have never been to that country her colorful culture.

I think it's good to read up on the customs of that city or place we are visiting.

It is a country where you can realize your dreams.

It would be a great opportunity for you to learn the advanced knowledge in the world.

People in that country are outgoing and hospitable as well.

The most important point to preparing for travel abroad is to have a valid passport.

The values here are independence, success, equality, and individuality.

What's special about this country is its colorful culture.

Prepare for travel.

I think it's important to plan the main details like your hotel bookings and your transportation.

The most important point to preparing for travel is to pack the right clothes and gear for your trip.

Tourism industry.

I think the internet has absolutely revolutionized the tourism industry.

Vacation.

Budget and financial planning play a crucial role in making our dream vacation into reality.

Choosing a destination with aligns, with one's interests and preferences will allow a person to enjoy the dream vacation more and give them happiness and satisfaction.

During this dream vacation, I would engage in a range of different activities which is New Zealand renowned for.

Exploring new places, and doing different activities can broaden the perspective perception of a person and bring joy and happiness.

Going for a vacation contributes to a person's well-being and happiness in a number of ways. 

I go to the seaside or hiking to get a breath of fresh air.

I go to the beach whenever I have the chance.

I think the internet has made travel arrangements easier because people can book their tickets online.

I think it's really good to be spontaneous to plan trips because it makes the trip more relaxing and exciting.

International vacation can broaden a person's perception in several ways...

It is very important to have scheduled activities and downtime during vacation.

Just this, just a month ago, I took 14 days and went to Changsha to visit a friend.

My holidays are usually as close to the ocean as possible.

Since I'm an employee, usually the weekends the holidays are the best time for me to go travel.

The choice of destination impacts the experience of the dream vacation because every destination has its unique landscapes and activities.

Traveling with companions on a dream vacation would enhance the experience of the vacation because companions can share a sense of responsibility.

Weather and seasonal events play an important role in deciding the destination of your vacation.