Q: Describe a meeting you remember going to at work, college, or school. You should say: when and where the meeting was held? who was at the meeting?  what the people at the meeting talked about and explain why you remember going to this meeting.

A: I remember one of the weekly meetings of the Student Union I attended when I was a freshman at college, whose theme was the summary for the art festival. All the members of the Student Union were there and the meeting was hosted by the union leader Davin. After Davin gave the opening speech, he showed us the footage of part of the amazing art festival performance and a series of other activities of the festival. In my memory, everyone was so absorbed in watching the video. It seemed that they really enjoyed the sense of achievement and satisfaction and at the moment all the hard work and effort paid off. Then some of the participants shared their experiences that they did with the setup of the art festival show. That was an unforgettable meeting for me, firstly, because I was complimented by other members and I was even elected the excellent Student Union member of the year, which is a very valuable moment of my life and worth remembering. More importantly, at that meeting, I learned that a summary meeting did help us collect ideas and assessments that would improve the efficiency of work.

Q: What are the different types of meetings that people often go to?

A: That depends on the difference in people's ages and occupations. Most working people usually have weekly meetings to report their work and updates, which may help them improve their efficiency, to their superiors. Take my father as an example, who is a hotel manager, he goes to the conferences of his company, making decisions like budget cuts and stuff like that. Also, he attends business conferences and the parent meeting at my school every semester.

Q: Some people say that no one likes to go to meetings--what do you think?

A: To some extent, I agree that most people like to go to meetings as long as they are constructive. But sometimes they may be reluctant to attend meetings for some reason. For conference organizers, they may consider arranging meetings really troublesome. And for participants, some don't like it because they have to wait for those who are late for the meeting; some dislike it due to its length, you know, like several hours. What's worse, only the boss does the talking, and other participants are easily bored and absent-minded because they have little chance to express their ideas.

Q: Why can it sometimes be important to go to meetings?

A: In my opinion, meetings mostly help keep superiors informed of the updates, get feedback from their subordinates, and make amendments in time. And for employees, meetings are a great form to gather ideas and communicate. As a member of the Student Union at my university, I have to arrange and attend many meetings, whether with teachers and professors or my fellow classmates. Recently, we are planning to celebrate the Art Festival, and a bunch of meetings have been held to have all the tasks assigned, to exchange and gather ideas, and to correct mistakes. My point is that sometimes meetings are significant.

Q: Why do you think world leaders often have meetings together?

A: Frankly speaking, I always wonder what makes the busy world leaders gather together and get engaged in the several-day-long conferences. Then I just guess crucial issues like world peace and the development of the global economy would be the basis of their agendas. One of the most famous international meetings that I know is the Global Climate Conference, which focuses on climate change and encourages different countries to do something to prevent the emergence of extreme weather. Leaders may have disputes, and sometimes, no one would compromise, so they have to have meetings to negotiate and come up with an agreement.

Q: What possible difficulties might be involved in organizing meetings between world leaders?

A: The answer first comes up in my mind to this question is security. There might be people who hold opposite thoughts doing something irrational or dangerous. World leaders are so important that we should make every effort to protect them from those who want to stop or sabotage the conferences.

Q: Do you think that meetings between international leaders will become more frequent in the future? Or will there be less need for world leaders to meet?

A: As far as I'm concerned, the interaction between world leaders will surely become more frequent in the future. Despite nationality, we all live on the one and only earth. It involves human survival and prosperity. It's our destiny and responsibility to share, no matter the good or the bad, so it's really necessary to enhance communication among countries. Leaders come to realize that they need to have conferences and search for peaceful ways to ease international tension, such as energy exploration in the disputed continents, environmental crises, and so on.




