Art.

As an art lover, I always go to art exhibitions whenever I have the chance.

More schools, galleries, and museums should be set up to let people know what art is.

People would often create art that had a connection.

The Drama Club presents the play of the year in spring.

The students actively apply for the Drama club.

Young people nowadays cannot appreciate traditional art.

Beauty.

I don't think it's really important to have stunning good looks to do well.

I don't think our looks need to be a severe help to you, but they also should not, our appearance should not be a hindrance either.

I think beauty is very subjective, so it is different for different people.

I think it is a need for cosmetic surgery if it's reconstructive.

I think people have an innate affinity towards beauty.

People find beauty in a lot of different types of objects.

Cultural.

International cultural exchange is a good way to contact people in the world.

This is probably because this is part of our culture.

Dress.

They dress like the people they see in the media.

Movie.

I really love the whole experience of buying your drink and your popcorn and going with your family and watching it on the big screen.

I prefer science action movies.

I think the plots of science fiction movies are enjoyable.

Museum.

I think it's good to take students to visit art galleries and museums, it gives them a broader education.

Music.

Young people love to listen to the latest music.

Photograph.

I personally prefer photos as a piece of art to buy cuz they seem more real to me.

Some people don't think they're very photogenic, so they don't feel like they look good in a photograph.

Rude.

I'm not sure honestly about what's considered rude in my culture.

In my family, it was very rude to talk loudly.

Traditional.

Now some young people have no interest in traditional art at all.

The government should give much support to the protection of the traditional arts.

To protect traditional Chinese art, we should nurture children's interest in them.

Traditional art is a national treasure.

We should pass on the cultural heritage to the coming generation.



