Q: Describe something healthy you enjoy doing. You should say: What do you do? Where do you do it? Who you do it with and explain why you think doing this is healthy.

A: I enjoy jogging or brisk walking. I have developed the habit of jogging at least 30 minutes a day since I was at university. It was a great break from studying. Although it's kind of difficult now for me to manage 30 minutes a day, I try to squeeze a few minutes during the lunch break to walk briskly. I always have my lunch in a cafe two blocks away from my office instead of the one just downstairs. It's a perfect chance to take a brisk walk. I have a flock of friends with the same fondness for jogging. Sometimes we take the 'formal walking' on weekends or holidays. That is, we have led walks with a leader at the front. The walk leaders can tell us how fast we should walk to get the most benefit. In most other cases, we just do casual jogging in a lovely park in the city's suburb. I think jogging is a suitable physical activity for most people. It's low impact, requires minimal equipment, can be done at any time of day, and can be performed at your own pace. It's also a great form of physical activity for people who are overweight, elderly, or those who haven't exercised in a long time. Regular jogging can help you lose body fat, maintain a healthy weight, improve your fitness, and reduce your risk of developing diseases. And most important of all, I believe jogging is the best stress reliever. As far as I'm concerned, I feel more refreshed, and my energy refueled after jogging. It's really a healthy thing to do.

Q: What do most people do to keep fit in your country?

A: Well, most people do physical exercises like jogging, brisk walking, or stair climbing to keep fit. They require no special skills or equipment. People of all ages can enjoy them. They are the most economical and effective way to keep fit.

Q: How important is it for people to do some regular physical exercise?

A: The principal function of doing regular physical exercise is to keep fit. It can reduce the risks of many 'popular and modern' diseases like heart attack and high blood pressure. But on top of that, it can improve mood and reduce anxiety and stress. By doing physical exercise, one can also gain self-esteem and confidence.

Q: Why do some people think that modern lifestyles are not healthy?

A: I suppose the main reason is that modern lifestyles are too busy and stressful. The 9 5 grind each day consumes people's energy and enthusiasm. And worse, most people spend far more than 8 hours away from home, hustling in a noisy bus or subway and dealing with piles of dull work. People lack enough sleep, let alone leisure activities. This kind of life is definitely unhealthy.

Q: Why do some people choose to lead unhealthy lives?

A: I think it's because people resist motion or action in life. Anyway, it's effortless or less tiring to drive, use the elevator, or eat out. Although it's well known that walking, climbing stairs, and cooking are more beneficial, people just can't reject the convenience and comfort of technology.

Q: Should individuals or governments be responsible for making people's lifestyles healthy?

A: Governments should undoubtedly be responsible for it. The main factor that leads to unhealthy lifestyles is busy and stressful work. Governments should manage to reduce working hours too, say from 6 to 5 hours a day, and allow longer paid annual leaves. People will be able to pay more attention to a healthy lifestyle if they have more free time for hobbies.

Q: What could be done to encourage people to live in a healthy way?

A: I think rewarding healthy behaviors will be an effective way. For years, lots of people have received corporate health benefits without any commitment on their part to quit bad habits. If the government or employers reward employees and their families for actively and effectively taking control of their own health, they will be more aware of the importance of healthy lifestyles. The rewards can be lowering one's health insurance payments, increasing vacation time, or elder-care allowances.