Argument.

The best way to prevent disagreement from leading to a fight is silence.

When there is an argument, I try to explain the reason why I feel my view is right, but if the person does not see the issues as mine, I keep my peace.

Censor.

I think everyone has the right to know what's happening.

People in power often censor news to make people do what they want.

Country & nation.

China is a highly urbanized country.

China is not the same country as it was 40 years ago.

China is one of the most industrialized nations in the world, and one of the richest in that because of its spectacular industrialization efforts over the past ten years.

Crime.

I think it is a good thing to re-educate the criminals.

I think most people don't commit the most serious crimes, such as murder.

Develop.

China has also become more industrialized and developed over the years, playing a crucial role in shaping the future of the world.

Disagree.

It is not acceptable in my culture for a child to disagree with their parents.

GDP.

China has a higher GDP level now than at any time in its history.

Global Issue.

International relations between import and export have a harmful impact because of global conflict.

There are numerous ways to get involved in addressing global issues.

Human Rights.

The government has also been seen to be overriding some of these human rights.

Human Nature.

The sense of owning things seems like a part of human nature.

International organization.

Judiciary.

The judiciary branch of the government is most responsible for enforcing the law in a society and country.

Law.

I do think that the law that allows the death penalty is too strict.

I don't think that the laws should be any more universal than they already are

I feel deeply passionate about this law.

I would say that people in my country are generally law-abiding citizens

Introducing such a law would not only improve the quality of life in my country but also contribute positively to global environmental efforts

Law and order are important and necessary in order to maintain an ideology for a society to be bound together.

Law and order enforcement agencies like police, the army, the military, and paramilitary forces help the judiciary branch to effectively enforce the law.

The changes brought about by this law would be significant.

The law would stimulate innovation and growth in the green technology and materials sectors, potentially positioning our country as a leader in environmental sustainability.

This proposed law would mandate a phased ban on single-use plastics, starting with items like plastic bags, straws, and cutlery, eventually encompassing a wider array of products.

Policy.

I think that a very important program for communities to provide for their residents is athletics.

I think that the problem nowadays is that there are more and more laws being passed that actually restrict the police from doing various things.

Society.

I suppose that the most obvious demerit must be the fact that it is detrimental to the stability of society.