Q: Describe an article you read about healthy living. You should say: what it was about? when you read it? Where did you read it? and explain what you learned from it?

A: I've come across several videos on YouTube. I subscribed to many cookery videos last year, and interestingly one of the chefs had an interview with Mrs X, a nutritionist. It was very impressive that I searched high and low for her articles on the internet and found that she had a website called "abc.com". I studied the website every nook and cranny and found the tips to be very beneficial to me. I am also into the way she has categorized the information into "myths", "truths" and "facts". I learned that if you are craving something sinful, like savories and sweets all through the day, you ought to find a healthy alternative and work on analyzing why you've got such a craving. I also learned that not all fats are harmful to health. I got to know the difference between trans fat and saturated fat. It was very surprising to know that we need some fats like Omega6 or Omega3, but it can lead to conditions like a heart attack if we use it too much. Also, I also learned that being slim doesn't mean a person is healthy and that we should not judge anyone's health by their weight. There were many such myths and explanations given which clarified many of my doubts on health. I found the website very informative.

Q: Why do different people like to read different magazines?

A: Tastes differ from person to person. Also, there are magazines for different fields. Tech-savvy people read magazines like PC Quest. For general reading, there are some well-known magazines like Reader's Digest. Those interested in films can rea magazines like Filmfare.

Q: Do you think the people today are healthier than those in the past？

A: Even when there are many campaigns on health, and there is increased awareness, the average lifespan had decreased. People of yesteryears lived until their nineties. Now sixty has become the average age. Though medical facilities have improved, people today suffer from a lot of diseases.