Children.

There are children in need of food and shelter just to survive all over the world.

Classmate.

He gets along well with everyone in our class.

We have known each other since we were in kindergarten.

Concentration.

I've got a poor concentration span.

Maybe I am not good at concentrating, and I get distracted too easily... but that's just the way I am.

Usually, I need to concentrate and be focused when I am doing work tasks.

Course.

Courses in other areas, such as critical thinking, communication, and problem-solving, can help them develop transferable skills that employers highly value.

Courses in students' major provide them with the necessary knowledge and skills to succeed in their chosen career field.

Courses that expose students to different cultures, languages, and perspectives can also broaden their horizons and prepare them to work in a globalized world.

University students can benefit from various courses, including those directly related to their major, as well as courses in other areas

Education.

A harmonious family is important for the growth of children.

Education plays a crucial role in shaping attitudes towards elder care.

Geography.

Before I enrolled in high school, geography had always been one of the compulsory subjects.

Compared to geographical features, I am more into cultures.

Geography cannot arouse my interest.

I find geography immensely valuable, especially when it comes to traveling.

I think Geography plays a crucial role in ensuring safety, especially when venturing into remote or unfamiliar areas.

While I appreciate geography and its importance, I don't think I'm suited to be a geography teacher.

Language.

Given the chance, I would learn English, because if I knew Mandarin and English, I could speak to just about most of the entire population in the world.

I believe that speaking many languages helps you to communicate with more people and at the same time to keep your brain sharp.

I use English on a daily basis.

I'm constantly using English.

Learning English songs and poems sometimes really helps us to relax and feel refreshed.

People require languages for work, studying, and living in foreign countries.

Studying languages has changed a lot in the past few decades because of considerable improvements in technology and rapid globalization.

The primary reason for people to study languages is to communicate with others.

Learning.

Adults' brains are more likely to be developed to analyze and make judgments.

Children's brains are more flexible, so they can acquire new knowledge much more quickly.

I enjoy learning, especially I love to learn about technology.

I use a variety of documents for my studies, especially my laptop and the internet.

People are learning remotely and using the internet much more.

Library.

I believe the library is important; It helps us read about our history, which is preserved in the library.

The type of people who like going to the library are people who may not be able to afford the books.

Math.

Chinese students start to learn maths when they are very young, so they are very good at maths.

I did math very well when I was a kid; I think it is easy to have a high score on math exams.

I don't think math is a nightmare for me.

I need to study math for my work on algorithm design.

Math can be used to calculate the costs when we go shopping.

Math can help me code programs.

The math course is an integral part of students' curriculum.

Mathematics is incredibly important.

Mathematics is widely used in people's daily lives. It is used by people of all ages.

Memory.

Cellphones are becoming more and more advanced, which can serve as a memory assistant besides being used as a communication tool.

I am terrible at memorizing things.

Some people are smarter than others in memorizing things.

Number.

I'm not particularly good at remembering phone numbers.

My favorite number is seventeen.

Numbers help in making informed decisions and keeping track of various aspects of daily life and work responsibilities.

The number I favor most is number seven.

There are some crucial numbers that we have to remember.

Reading.

A good book should not only have an interesting plot but also a significant theme.

A park on a sunny day or at the beach would also make a good place to read books.

Chinese people read different kinds of books.

Compared to watching movies, reading books is more to my taste.

I read all seven books of Harry Potter in primary school.

I indulge in books as reading is one of my passions.

I like both fiction and nonfiction titles, including biographies and computer textbooks.

I like reading books, especially IT Professional books.

I totally agree with the view that children should be encouraged to read more since they are at the age of learning knowledge and obtaining information.

I would like to spend a couple of minutes reading two or three pages to check out whether the book is fit for me or not.

It's shown me that reading can be both fun and intellectually stimulating, and we can learn practical things, too.

Just lying on the couch with a cozy blanket would make it a very good place to read a book.

My current read is the FLASH BOY.

Nowadays, the market is full of slipshod books churned out in a few days.

People have different tastes for books.

Reading is no longer a habit that people want to cultivate.

Reading is one of my hobbies.

Reading is what we should do.

Recently, I have been reading a book written by J.K. Rowling.

We should resist pirated books to protect the interests of the authors.

School.

A river runs through the campus, which adds much life to it.

I really like visiting the building to socialize and network with my peers.

It has a lot of natural light flooding into the main area and the classrooms, and it is air-conditioned, so it stays nice and cool on a hot summer day.

Our school is located in a suburban area.

Personally, I really like the building as it creates a positive learning experience for me where I can focus on my class work as well as my computer work.

School activities are beneficial for schoolchildren in many ways.

Schools should teach both arts and science.

The school attaches equal importance to studies and developing its skills.

The school campus is like a park full of trees and flowers.

The school has cultivated many talents in all areas.

The school has provided us with a wide range of courses.

The school offers a variety of extracurricular activities.

The school where I graduated is a top-level school in our city.

The Motto of our school is to make every student successful.

We hold deep feelings for our old school.

Skill.

Children should learn the most basic skills at school, especially numeracy and literacy, but be prepared to have these skills improved in the workplace.

Children today might not have as many opportunities to learn practical skills like cooking due to their hectic schedules and increased reliance on technology.

Future skills may be based on the ability to work from home as the internet makes this kind of work possible.

Most young people today want skills that are marketable and have a cash value so that they will be readily employable.

Speech/Public Speaking.

In China, we are exposed to various speeches from school assemblies to college seminars.

Improving public speaking skills, especially in China, requires consistent practice and exposure.

People often get nervous when speaking in public due to the fear of being judged or making a mistake in front of a crowd.

Story/Novel.

Children learn from diverse stories.

I am not a good storyteller, but I know someone who tells a good story, my father.

I don't think there is any relationship between gender and reading novels.

I prefer magical stories to realistic novels.

I read romantic novels in my spare time for pleasure.

Novels about magic are popular in China.

Old people like to read historical novels because they like to learn from the past experiences of our heroes.

The story of the tortoise and the rabbit.

There are several advantages of listening to or reading novels.

Subject.

I majored in science, and history is my favorite subject.

Students may find some subjects boring or irrelevant to their interests or career goals.

Teacher.

A good teacher shall encourage rather than simply preach.

A good teacher who has a sense of humor and the ability to inspire interest can change your whole attitude toward school.

A teacher should teach not only knowledge but also morals.

All students should be treated equally.

As science develops, teachers should improve their teaching methods to satisfy the requirements of modern society.

Brilliant students only know the value of a good teacher.

Give me a chance to instruct on a topic, and I would love to teach Advanced computer programming. 

He is very devoted to the cause of education.

I guess the teachers want to motivate their students.

I remember most of my teachers from primary school quite well.

I was not really interested in teaching, and neither did I like the idea of dealing with classrooms full of children.

I would say my favorite teacher was my gym class instructor in grade twelve, who was Mr.Klaus.

In my opinion, a teacher who teaches students very well and explains the subject problems with good examples.

My mathematics teacher. She was really good at making the subject interesting.

One of the most important characteristics of a good teacher is patience.

Patience is an important quality required of a teacher.

Teachers are required to learn something about psychology.

Teachers can use educational games, which can make it more fun for the children.

Teachers should motivate students to be creative.

Teaching is an honorable profession.

The best occasion to ask a question of the teacher is as soon as possible, before the students forget.

The school shall create a stimulating atmosphere to attract great teachers.

Teaching.

Since the development of AI technology, there have been significant changes in teaching.

Time.

Children or students spend most of their time at school or college.

I deem that the night is the best time to relax rather than the day because during the day individual feels fresh as a daisy.

Time is critical in every person's life.

Time management is quite critical for me.

I don't think time management is arduous in school because tutors in institutes make the pie of the cake in various ways.

I will still spend time on important but time-consuming things, such as house chores.

Visualization.

Visualization is the best way to convey ideas and grab attention.

Waste time.

If an activity is not important and avoidable, then I will not waste time on it.

Writing.

Handwriting does indeed show personality.

I am in favor of typing instead of handwriting when I need to write something.

I like receiving hand-written letters since they feel more alive with a more personal touch and effort than electronic mail or emails that we mostly use for written communication.

I like to type on the computer; it is faster, and I have tools at my disposal like a spellchecker.

I think I could write some sort of technical book.

I think that I do have good handwriting since I always used to get extra points for my good handwriting when I was attending elementary and high school.

I was made to use lined paper and notebooks to practice handwriting again and again in order to learn good handwriting.

I would rather not write anything but invest the time into games.

I write often, several times each day.

I write most frequently emails to my colleagues.

In this era of computers, the internet, and email, the appeal of handwriting is almost lost since people choose typing on a computer as a mode of communication at offices, schools, colleges, and universities.

Right now, I take notes, write essays, and answer questions.

Very often I'm writing emails in Chinese.

Writing is an integral part of my life.