Q: Describe a writer you would like to meet. You should say: who the writer is? what do you know about this writer already? What you would like to find out about him or her? and explain why you would like to meet this writer?

A: The writer who I am really into is a popular novelist in my country, Liu Zhenyun. He is nearly 60 years old, and he has been a writer for over 40 years, and of course, he has published quite many novels. Meanwhile, he also focuses on the creation of film scripts, by which he is renowned to people, especially young people. Most of his works describe stories about real life that average people can experience every day. The main characters of his books are usually grass-rooted ones and small potatoes in our society, which makes his works relatively close to people's real lives.  While reading his books, readers always feel as if the books are talking about stories of themselves or some of their friends or colleagues. That is why he is called one of the greatest novelists of realistic literature in China. Having read some of his works, I became quite curious about him, especially about what he had experienced. What I mean is that life experience must be something significant for writers. Therefore, I seriously want to uncover his life. Famous novelist and scriptwriter as he is, what I am sure is that he must have a very simple and easy life not like other celebrities. I really want to find out whether I am right or not. I am a guy who likes telling stories to others and being a writer used to be my dream while I was in middle school. I was defeated by reality, but if possible, to be a part-time one is also what I want to do. If meeting him, I will certainly have many questions about his work. If he would like to give me some suggestions for becoming a writer, I will be moved into tears.

Q: What kinds of books are most popular with children in your country? Why do you think that is?

A: Although parents and educators want children to read something educational and homiletic, in fact, the children often read books that are fairly entertaining. Hence, comics are the most popular reading materials for children no matter whether parents and teachers like that or not. The reason why I have this idea is that I can often see many children reading these comics on their cell phones on public transport. And by the way, the paper book is something totally ignored.

Q: Why do you think some children do not read books very often?

A: So many distractions nowadays keep children away from their desks. To kill their spare time, children have quite many other choices which are usually more attractive compared with reading. Children who like to spend their free time in an Internet cafe are much more than those who like to spend their time in a library. Books are losing the dominant role in people's daily lives due to plenty of new media's emergence. Reading is no longer a habit that people want to cultivate.

Q: How do you think children can be encouraged to read more?

A: I totally agree with the view that children should be encouraged to read more since they are at the age of learning knowledge and obtaining information. Nevertheless, in recent years, reading more does not mean they should read more books. What I mean is that there are so many sources that they can access information from. Websites, videos, and electronic books are all available for them to grasp knowledge.

Q: Are there any occasions when reading at speed is a useful skill to have? What are they?

A: As a student, I do not often read at speed for the reason that I need to pay attention to every word in the book to understand or even memorize what I read. The only occasion, personally, when I read pretty fast is when I am in the bookstore and decide whether I need to buy a book or not. I of course would like to spend a couple of minutes reading two or three pages to check out whether the book is fit for me or not.

Q: Are there any jobs where people need to read a lot? What are they?

A: In this society where almost everything is changing all the time, the majority of people need to read a lot to keep themselves updated and timely to be qualified for their jobs, especially people whose jobs are brainwork. Taking white collars as an example, as far as I know, every day most of them need to read quite many news about what is happening recently in their fields. On top of this, some blue-collar workers actually also need to read a lot, since they may face more and more new machines and electronic tools to finish their jobs. The world is changing fast, and everyone should catch up with the rapid advancement. Consequently, reading is what we should do.

Q: Do you think that reading novels is more interesting than reading factual books? Why is that?

A: From my point of view, reading novels is definitely more interesting than books that aim to impart knowledge to readers. Reading novels is usually for entertainment, and novel writers can compose stories according to their imagination. Therefore, there is no limitation of their stories. They can try their best to attract readers. However, factual books are something that can easily make readers sleepy because they are often very homiletic and knowledgeable but not storytelling.

