Car.

I especially enjoy the comfort of car driving compared to taking buses and trains.

I like being a driver more than a passenger.

I would turn on the radio to listen to music when driving cars.

Crowd.

I believe most people don't prefer crowded places due to inconveniences and safety risks.

I generally avoid crowded places as I find them uncomfortable.

I like the lively feeling that crowded places carry.

I prefer more spacious and serene environments where I can move freely.

It's unpleasant to be pushed and shoved in overcrowded places.

The city where I reside is indeed crowded.

The last time I found myself in a crowded place was 7 months ago during my journey home for the Spring Festival.

The last time I was in a crowded place was when I had gone out to attend an areligious procession with my family.

The metro station near my home is notably crowded, especially during peak hours.

Drive.

I've had my driver's license 2 years ago. I enjoy driving. Mostly I use my car to get to work, shopping, and vacations.

Since I have had my driver's license, I rarely take a bus. I mostly use it when my car is unavailable due to repairs or I've lent it out to a friend.

Go Abroad.

Given a chance, I like to take a cruise around America.

In foreign countries, you should pay attention to the local customs.

In recent years, tens of thousands of students have gone to foreign countries to study.

It is good for English learners to go abroad to study and have an English environment.

Make enough preparation before you go abroad.

Make sure that you have learned some customs about the country you are going to.

More communication with native speakers would be a good way to improve English.

Studying abroad would broaden my horizons and enrich my knowledge.

When you are in Rome, do as the Romans do.

Map.

I don't keep physical maps in my home, as digital maps are more convenient and up-to-date. 

I use maps on my phone quite frequently, especially when I'm traveling to unfamiliar places. 

I'm reasonably proficient at using maps, especially digital ones on my phone.

Subway.

I have to walk 20 minutes to the subway, and it takes another 30 minutes when I get to work.

Subway is supposed to be on time.

Transportation.

China makes the railway system incredibly easy to travel around the country at an affordable cost.

I had a great boating adventure once with my friends.

I like being on boards because I think they are slower-paced.

I seldom go on a boat or a plane, only when I'm traveling.

I took a flight to Shanghai three years ago.

I use public transportation, walk, or cycle for shorter distances to save carbon footprint.

My favorite transportation means is the taxi.

People are encouraged to take buses to work.

The airplane is the quickest but the most expensive way of traveling.

The bicycle is a clean and convenient way of traveling.

The cost of tickets has become much more expensive.

The government should take some measures to relieve the traffic pressure.

Too many private cars cause traffic jams in Guangzhou.

We should develop public transportation in Guangzhou.

With the advent of airplanes, modern trains, and buses, people can travel greater distances comfortably and quickly.

Whenever I'm riding a bicycle, I should wear a helmet to keep my head safe and also be very careful of the vehicle traffic.