Q: Describe something that surprised you. You should say: What is it? How did you find out about it? What did you do? and explain whether it made you happy.

A: There is no ambiguity in saying that each and every person gave and received a surprise from their kin and kin on special days such as birthdays and university. Also, I received many surprises from parents and friends, and I felt like a dog with two tails; however, today, I would love to share a special surprise that I received from my mother in April at my twenty-third birthday party, which is none other than a traditional suit in pink color, that my favorite. Moreover, my mother lived away from her family due to her army profession. Before that time, she did not attend my birthday when I saw her, and I started jumping. This movement was amazing. Apart from that, all the family members began to talk and discuss their experiences. Also, my mother asked questions related to health from everyone, but at 5 o'clock, my mother wished me well and gave me a traditional suit; I felt overwhelmed, which I could not explain in words. All in all, this was the time when I was surprised by my mother, which was memorable for me.

Q: Do you like surprises?

A: I like surprises because I feel special. To surprise someone, we have to plan a few things by devoting our time, and if someone does it for me, I become a fan of that person.

Q: What has been the biggest surprise in your life?

A: The biggest surprise of my life was when I went for an interview, and among eight hundred candidates, I was the only one who received the offer letter.

Q: What do you think is the most surprising thing about you?

A: The most surprising thing about me is that I perform my best under stress. Most people give their best when they feel motivated. On the other hand, I draw inspiration from my failures to lead my life toward an impressive growth trajectory.

Q: What surprised you about getting old?

A: The most surprising thing about getting old is that our needs become limited. We understand the true meaning of life, and our personality undergoes a paradigm shift.

Q: How do you feel when you do not get any surprises on your birthday?

A: Honestly, I would feel terrible if I did not get any surprises on my birthday. I love to get surprises from my near and dear ones to feel special, and it has always been a ritual to give surprises, sometimes at home or in hotels.

Q: What is the importance of surprises?

A: Gifts are gestures of love. They strengthen bonds of friendship. Gifts make the recipient feel special.

Q: Is there any pressure on us to buy presents?

A: As such, there is no pressure on us to buy presents. But sometimes when we receive costly presents, there is pressure to reciprocate in the same way. Then it may cause pressure. I believe that gifts should be just gestures of love. There are so many choices of gifts. This may seem good to some, but I often get confused when it comes to selecting a gift.

Q: Do Chinese people often give surprises?

A: Yes, Chinese people like to give surprises. They also give gifts on special occasions such as weddings, birthdays, anniversaries, etc.

Q: What's the value of giving surprises?

A: Surprises are like gifts, a gesture of love. They give happiness to the giver as well as the receiver.

Q: Describe some of the surprises that Chinese people give each other on different occasions.

A: People give all sorts of surprises to each other. They also give materialistic gifts like sweets, chocolates, clothes, electronic items, or gift cards to their friends and relatives as a surprise.

Q: Do children prefer receiving gifts?

A: They take the happy time with their parents for granted. So, they don't give it much value.