Classmate.

He gets along well with everyone in our class.

We have known each other since we were in kindergarten.

Language.

Given the chance, I would learn English, because if I knew Mandarin and English, I could speak to just about most of the population in the world.

I believe that speaking many languages helps you to communicate more people and at the same time to keep your brain sharp.

I use English on a daily basis.

I'm constantly using English.

People require languages for work, studying, and living in foreign countries.

Studying languages has changed a lot in the past few decades because of considerable improvements in technology and rapid globalization.

The primary reason for people to study languages is to communicate with others.

Learning.

I enjoy learning, especially I love to learn about technology.

I use a variety of documents for my studies, especially my laptop, and the internet.

People are learning remotely and using the internet much more.

Reading.

A good book should not only have an interesting plot but also a significant theme.

A park on a sunny day or at the beach would also make a good place to read book.

I indulge in books as reading is one of my passions.

I like both fiction and nonfiction titles including biographies and computer textbooks.

I like reading books, especially IT Professional books.

I prefer magical stories to realistic novels.

Just laying on the couch with a cozy blanket would make it a very good place to read a book.

My current read is the FLASH BOY.

Novels on magical are popular in China.

Nowadays the market is full of slipshod books churned out in a few days.

People have different tastes for books.

Recently I have been reading a book written by J.K. Rowling.

We should resist pirated books to protect the interests of the authors.

School.

There is a lot of modern equipment throughout the building.

A river runs through the campus, which adds much life to it.

I really like visiting the building to socialize and network with my peers.

It has a lot of natural lights flooding into the main area and the classrooms, and it is air-conditioned, so it stays nice and cool on a hot summer day.

Our school is located in the suburban area.

Personally, I really like the building as it creates a positive learning experience for me where I can focus on my class work as well as my computer work.

The school attaches equal importance to studies and developing their skills.

The school campus is like a park full of trees and flowers.

The school has cultivated many talents in all areas.

The school has provided us with a wide range of courses.

The school offers a variety of extracurricular activities.

The school where I graduated is a top-level school in our city.

The Motto of our school is to make every student successful.

We hold deep feelings for our old school.

Teacher.

A good teacher shall encourage rather than simply preach.

A teacher should teach not only knowledge but also morals.

All students should be treated equally.

As science develops teachers should improve their teaching methods to satisfy the requirements of modern society.

Give a chance to instruct a topic, I would love to teach Advanced computer programming. 

He is very much devoted to the cause of education.

I would say my favorite teacher was my gym class instructor in grade twelve, that was Mr.Klaus.

My parents are my first teachers.

One of the most important characteristics of a good teacher is patience.

Patience is an important quality required of a teacher.

Teachers are required to learn something about psychology.

Teachers should motivate students to be creative.

Teaching is an honorable profession.

The best occasion to ask a question from the teacher is as soon as possible before the students forget.

The school shall create a stimulating atmosphere to attract great teachers.

Writing.

I like to type on the computer, it is faster and I have tools at my disposal like spellchecker.

I think I could write some sort of technical book.

I write often, several times each day.

I write most frequently emails to my colleagues.

Very often I'm writing emails in Chinese.