Q: Talk about a difficult word that you learned to pronounce. You should say: what is this word? where did you read it for the first time? how do you find the meaning of the word? why do you find it challenging to learn?

A: Well, I've always been eager to learn something new in my life, whether it's related to study or any other aspect of life. Talking about vocabulary, I have come across countless words so far, and I learned them. But here, I would prefer to talk about one difficult word I encountered and endeavored to learn, which was "phenomenon". It happened donkey's years ago when I was in 8th standard. Our school announced holidays for two weeks. One day, during the holidays, I was flicking through a magazine, and I accidentally got this word. Once I saw this word, it piqued my interest. Instantly, I brought my dictionary from my room and tried to find out this word. But, I could neither learn its pronunciation nor comprehend its meaning. It was extremely hard for me to learn it as I had never heard or seen this word before. What's more, at that time, I wasn't that good at English. Hence, I found it challenging to learn it. Hen, I asked my sister about it, but sadly, she was also not familiar with this word. Afterward, I made a call to my tuition teacher and asked him if he had some free time. Fortunately, my teacher was free, so I went to his house. With his help, I acquired full knowledge regarding this word. I learned how to pronounce it correctly. My teacher told me which part of this word needs to be stressed more and which one needs less stress. Moreover, I got to learn how to make sentences using this word. I thanked my teacher hugely for his assistance. Not only that but also I was feeling delighted because I had incorporated one more wonderful word into my vocabulary.

Q: Why do you think it's true that most young children enjoy learning words?

A: Youngsters are curious to know about the different things which are very unusual in their daily life so whenever they desi a different word they are curious to know more about it.

Q: Do you think it's easier to remember the words to something as a child and more difficult when we become adults?

A: I think it does not depend on age; it's up to the person and their brain. Secondly, I would say that it depends upon the person on an opinion if they want to learn new words, so gender or age doesn't matter.

Q: Do you think learning songs and poems is a waste of time?

A: To be honest, I think not because learning English songs and poems sometimes really helps us to relax and feel refreshed. Due to the tight schedule, most people are busy, so if they learn songs and somethings poems, I think it is like recharging their batteries.

Q: How practical is it for younger students to learn facts about the world?

A: I think historical dates play an imperative role in our daily life. If we learn about the basic dates, we know in which period of history that era came. For example, if we want to know about the pyramids of Egypt, we quickly learn more about the basic dates of that era.

Q: Are there any techniques that schoolchildren can use to remember new information more easily?

A: I think to learn about new techniques, the most useful method is to implement them online. For example, if schoolchildren dance practice and also repeat the new vocabulary word in their own daily life it would be very helpful for them so that they can easily learn.

Q: How important do you think it is to teach young students to find and check information for themselves?

A: I think if children know more about themselves, I think it's better for them so that they can easily understand that with the qualities they have and which they want to adopt in their life because some of these qualities are very crucial for us in our modern days so that knowing this they can easily be adapted from someone else.