Q: Describe an important choice you had to make in your life. You should say: When do you have to make this choice? What you had to choose between? Whether you made a good choice And explain how you felt when you were making this choice.

A: I guess the most important choice I made was to study abroad. I made the choice last year when I just graduated from the university. Upon graduation I faced a fork in my future way: to pursue my postgraduate study abroad or to start a decent job like most of my classmates. Actually, it had been my dream to further my studies in Britain or Australia. On the other hand, I received at least two offers from different companies with whom I interviewed, which was really hard-won in competitive job hunting. And more importantly, the salary they would offer was quite appealing. It was really a tough choice, so I asked my parents and friends for advice. Unsurprisingly, most of them tried to talk me into the choice to receive the job. Studying abroad, they said, would cost lots of time and money. In addition, it was unpredictable whether I would get such a good job even if I returned with a Master's Degree. What they said seemed reasonable, but to my mind, the experience of getting improved mattered more. I didn't want to be stuck into the nine-to-five grind at such an early age. What's more, I had prepared to study abroad for over one year, learning English, and taking classes on relevant subjects. There was no reason to give up my dream and pursuit. After sound consideration, I made my choice to further my overseas study. Although it's still hard to say whether it was a good choice or not, I feel pleased that I held onto my wish.

Q: What are the typical choices people make at different stages of their lives?

A: I think the first typical choice people have to make is the educational choice at 18 or 19 after leaving school. The young people and their parents have to choose either a technical college or a university to further their studies. After graduation, the job choice is more important because it will possibly determine your future development. When you grow into 25 or older, the choice of a life partner comes to your hand. After getting married, the choice of whether to have a kid or not is also a headache. Even after retirement, you have to choose, between living with your children and settling down in a nursing house.

Q: Should important choices be made by parents rather than by young adults?

A: Yes, it should. Although young adults are old enough to make choices, parents are more experienced in life. They are more likely to make sound and all-around considerations and then make correct choices.

Q: Why do some people like to discuss choices with other people?

A: I think the reason is obvious--to get advice from others. In many cases, it's hard to make choices whose results are unseen, so it seems a good idea to inquire about them with experienced friends or parents. After all, they have experienced these stages and can teach you their lessons. Although not suitable for you totally, you can get a clue what to do.

Q: What kind of choices do people have to make in their everyday life?

A: I think the first and foremost choice in people's everyday life is the choice of food: lite but healthy food or tasty but greasy food; cooking at home or eating out. It's really a tough decision sometimes. Besides, people have to make choices between different clothes, transportation, living places, and something like that.

Q: Why do some people choose to do the same things every day? Are there any disadvantages to this?

A: I suppose it's a safe choice for those who are afraid of changes. By using the same brand of soap, having the same kind of breakfast, and wearing the same patterned tie, you shun the risk of encountering your dislike. However, obviously, the disadvantage is that you also shun the pleasant surprise that change may bring to you.

Q: Do you think that people today have more choices to make today than in the past?

A: Yes, absolutely! Present people have more choices to make matter in trivial things like food and clothes, or in important issues like job hunting and spouse selection. As a young man, I feel fortunate to have more choices to make because it means more opportunities. I find it quite exciting to choose my favorite things from clutters of choices.