Ball.

I find ball games they're really exciting and fast-paced.

I play football regularly.

No far from my house, there's a football pitch.

Probably about a ten-minute drive from where we live, there's a nice football pitch.

We can play indoor ball games there.

Chinese medicine.

I have tried herbal medicine, which usually doesn't taste very nice.

Disease.

I do very little when I catch a cold, I like to get rid of the cold naturally.

I very rarely see a doctor.

I very rarely take medicine.

When I catch a cold, I usually stay at home and rest.

Exercise.

I do in fact exercise, I go hiking at least 1 times a week.

I do very much at all these days to keep fit.

I like to do some sort of outdoor activity like going hiking.

I think teenagers need more exercise to keep fit and healthy.

Noise.

I believe there is an excessive amount of noise in today's world.

I don't enjoy staying in a place with a lot of noise.

I'm seriously considering moving to a quieter place.

There's a big business building going up, so there's a lot of construction noise during the day.

Safety.

I think it is a good idea to keep the safety tools stored in easy-to-access and visible places.

I think it is a good idea to watch some safety videos online and get the right training.

I would say that the kitchen knife is probably the one that most commonly injures people, just because it is frequently used.

I've cut myself a few times in the past with a not-well-used kitchen knife.

It is very important that people read the safety instructions and user manuals before using an object that can be dangerous.

New innovations have made a lot of equipment much safer than in the past.

New types of sensors and materials reduce the likelihood of getting injured.

People are in a rush and just want to get a job done so they do not pay attention to safety.

There are many types of heavy machinery in construction sites which can be quite dangerous if people aren't careful.

There are quite a few household items like a kitchen knife that can be hazardous if not used well.

Sleep.

I get about seven to eight hours of sleep a day, usually from 11 pm until 7 am.

Sport.

I play sports multiple times each week.

I think all students at school should do sport, even if they are not athletic.

I went skiing last weekend.

I've been going hiking for many years and I feel it would be an exciting change.