Q: Describe something you did that was new or exciting. You should say: What did you do? Where and when did you do this? Who do you share the activity with? explain why this activity was new or exciting for you.

A: Mentioning a new and exciting thing, I want to talk about climbing Mount Tai with my friends during the summer holiday. It was the first time I traveled with my friends without the company of my parents. We were all excited and full of expectation for this trip. We arrived safely at the foot of Mount Tai and started climbing right away. We climbed quickly and were all excited and full of expectation for this trip. We arrived safely at the foot of Mount Tai and started climbing right away. We climbed quickly and were curious about everything around us. The sun shone brightly, and the temperature was very high. Before long, we were sweating all over. The water we brought with us seemed far from enough. Luckily for us, there was a breeze blowing. So we actually felt quite comfortable at that moment. As is known to all, Mount Tai is famous for its steep steps. Looking up, we could only see the steps right before us. What was worse was that tiredness began to attack us. I felt that my legs were so heavy that all I wanted to do was sit down and have a rest. My friends tried to cheer each other up and gave each other a hand at some steeper steps. Finally, we reached the top of the mountain, where we shouted out loud and hugged together. What an exciting moment!

Q: Why do you think some people like doing new things?

A: Well, it is the topic that people have been talking about all the time. Some believe that trying new things is a great way to break away from daily routines. Most people feel it is boring to do the same things every day. Besides, some individuals claim that trying new activities can broaden our horizons and help us make more friends.

Q: What problems can people have when they try new activities for the first time?

A: Honestly speaking, the problems associated with trying new activities have already attracted a great deal of attention. Firstly, if the activity is out of the realm of experience, then extra care must be taken to ensure an accident doesn't happen. Besides, some people put much pressure on themselves; they are worried about making mistakes. Many people might just give up if something is too difficult. Maybe persistence is the key to success.

Q: Do you think it's best to do new things on your own or with other people? Why?

A: Well, it is a hard choice. I really can't choose one over another. Generally speaking, if someone does new things, then other people tend to tag along with him. It seems more fun and interesting in groups. However, those who do well in new activities may feel inadequate. Under these circumstances, it might be better to do it on your own. Both ways have their own advantages. I think this is why people are always saying that everything exists for a reason.

Q: What kinds of things do children learn to do when they are very young? How important are these things?

A: Children tend to be sponges when they are young; they are constantly learning. It is a pretty essential stage for their development. They are learning knowledge and disciplines from family and school education, self-expression from stage performance, and social interaction from group work. Most importantly, if children are extremely good in a certain field, it might turn out to be their lifetime career. Therefore, care must be taken to ensure the healthy growth of kids.

Q: Do you think children and adults learn to do new things in the same way? How is their learning style different?

A: Definitely not. To begin with, I have to say that there are many differences in learning to do new things between children and adults. Children tend to learn much more through experience. Their brains are more flexible, so they can acquire new knowledge much more quickly. However, adults' brains are more likely to be developed to analyze and make judgments. Thus, I guess this is a natural result of the fact that they are in different age groups.

Q: Some people say that it is more important to be able to learn new things now than it was in the past. Do you agree or disagree with that? Why?

A: Frankly speaking, I can't agree more. With the world changing more rapidly than before, we learn more new things. New technology is emerging every day, and society is becoming so advanced that people have to keep learning to keep pace with it. For instance, we had no idea about computers 20 years ago. Nowadays, almost everyone is using the Internet in various ways. Therefore, it is of great importance to learn new things.