Foreign country.

After my studies there, I may choose to settle down there.

For my dream vacation, I would love to visit the captivating country of New Zealand.

I have been to over 25 countries worldwide.

I have never been to that country, but I've read a lot of guidebooks about it.

I have never been to that country, its colorful culture.

I think it's good to read up on the customs of that city or place we are visiting.

It is a country where you can realize your dreams.

It would be a great opportunity for you to learn advanced knowledge in the world.

People in that country are outgoing and hospitable as well.

The most important point in preparing for travel abroad is to have a valid passport.

The values here are independence, success, equality, and individuality.

What's special about this country is its colorful culture.

Hike.

I make sure that I spend time on weekends or during holidays to venture into the lush green hills of Guangzhou and its landscape around the city.

I would like to go there with my family because we cherish spending time together.

In my leisure time, I like to take long hikes in nature with my wife.

Last Weekend I went for a hike with my wife, and we had a lot of fun.

One of my favorite things to do is to connect with nature by going on long walks or hikes.

Yesterday, for example, we had a very nice hike in the BaiYun Mountain.

Prepare for travel.

I think it's important to plan the main details like your hotel bookings and your transportation.

People take a few things into consideration when they want to travel, and the important ones are to arrange enough money to cover the expenses for the whole stay.

The most important point in preparing for travel is to pack the right clothes and gear for your trip.

Journey.

I agree that in the future, people's daily journeys will be reduced.

Safari.

If I could go on a really wild safari or adventure holiday, I'd go to Africa.

I've also been to a drive-through safari where you go through a large area in your car.

Tourism.

I think the internet has absolutely revolutionized the tourism industry.

Tourism gives benefits to cities through economic growth, job creation, and infrastructure development.

Tourism, if not managed well, can have detrimental effects on natural sites.

Travel.

I have traveled to many countries all over the world.

I think traveling to other countries will help broaden the horizon of an individual by learning about different cultures of the world.

People need to travel for lots of different reasons.

Traveling by sea can be adventurous.

Traveling can enrich one's experiences and increase one's knowledge.

Traveling with companions on a dream vacation would enhance the experience of the vacation because companions can share a sense of responsibility.

When people are on their daily travels, there's always the possibility of meeting traffic jams.

Vacation.

Budget and financial planning play a crucial role in making our dream vacation into reality.

Choosing a destination with aligns with one's interests and preferences will allow a person to enjoy the dream vacation more and give them happiness and satisfaction.

During this dream vacation, I would engage in a range of different activities, which New Zealand is renowned for.

Exploring new places and doing different activities can broaden the perspective of a person and bring joy and happiness.

Going for a vacation contributes to a person's well-being and happiness in a number of ways. 

I go to the seaside or go hiking to get a breath of fresh air.

I go to the beach whenever I have the chance.

I think the internet has made travel arrangements easier because people can book their tickets online.

I think it's really good to be spontaneous to planning trips because it makes the trip more relaxing and exciting.

An international vacation can broaden a person's perception in several ways...

It is very important to have scheduled activities and downtime during vacation.

Just this, just a month ago, I took 14 days and went to Changsha to visit a friend.

My holidays are usually as close to the ocean as possible.

Since I'm an employee, usually on the weekends, the holidays are the best time for me to travel.

The choice of destination impacts the experience of the dream vacation because every destination has its unique landscapes and activities.

We were all excited and full of expectation for this trip.

Weather and seasonal events play an important role in deciding the destination of your vacation.

Visit.

Getting to visit those places brings me back to the day my teacher was teaching.