Q: Describe an occasion when you had to wait a long time for someone or something to arrive. You should say: who or what you were waiting for? How long did you have to wait? Why did you have to wait a long time? and explain how you felt about waiting a long time?

A: Ok, thank you, sir. I wanna talk about a time when I waited for my favorite dish in a fancy Western restaurant.

A: We are like kindred spirits when it comes to food. We have this tradition that every time he comes back, we'll find a nice place and have a big meal.

A: But, unluckily, when we arrived there, we saw flooding-in people standing in a dragon-like queue in front of the restaurant, holding the number while waiting to be called. Coz it was Sunday.

A: Originally, Frank and I were stunned and desperate. Our stomachs had started rumbling with hunger. But we had to wait, although it would take us more than 1 hour. Coz the signature dish, steak, was extremely crispy outside and juicy inside so it received a perfect review on the food website and successfully attracted millions of customers. We had been planning to have it for quite a long time. However, thankfully, during the wait, the waiters served us some snacks, we felt a little comfortable. In addition, they also gave a few discount coupons to comfort us. Admittedly, it would be a long and painful time before you get something you dream of. But if we hadn't had a wait, we wouldn't have had a chance to get these considerate services. It reminds me of an old saying, Every cloud has its silver lining.

Q: In what kinds of situations should people always arrive early?

A: Well, actually, there are many situations where people should arrive early, like dating, meetings, and taking a flight. Simply because we have to do some necessary preparations in advance.

Q: How important is it to arrive early in your country?

A: To be honest, it is an essential way to show your punctuality and respect. More importantly, arriving early can help people avoid accidents. For me, I've been insisting on reaching some important ceremonial occasions extremely early.

Q: How can modern technology help people arrive early?

A: Well, obviously, the advanced transportation. Take Guangzhou, for example, people can reach their destinations by taking flights, trains, subway, and so on. All of them are made by technology. Naturally, they can help us save a lot of time.

Q: What kinds of jobs require the most patience?

A: Obviously, teachers and babysitters. Only with enough patience can students learn some knowledge well, and babies receive painstaking care.

Q: Is it always better to be patient in work (or studies)?

A: Sure, as the saying goes, patience is a virtue. It can help people cultivate good habits, which can enhance their work and study efficiency.

Q: Do you agree or disagree that the older people are, the more patient they are?

A: In my opinion, after having gone through the baptism of years, the elderly have a better understanding of patience. As the saying goes, More haste, less speed. The older people are, the more patient they are.