Q: How many hours do you sleep a day?

A: Since I work from sun up to sun down, it's essential for me to get a healthy amount of sleep. I usually go to bed between 10:30 and 11 pm and get up between 4:30 and 5 am. To be honest, I always set my alarm for 4:30, but I have a habit of pressing the snooze button 2 or 3 times, so I usually end up getting out of bed closer to 5.

Q: Do you think it is enough? why?

A: I think the minimum amount of sleep to be healthy is 6 hours a night. So yes, I do sleep an acceptable amount of hours. But, to be honest, I think it's unnatural to get up before sunrise; I think we need natural light. Although I sleep about 6 hours, I still feel sleepy throughout the day. I think getting up at six would feel a lot more refreshing.

Q: What do you do to improve sleeping quality?

A: With all the stressors that I face throughout the day, it's important to take some deep breaths at the end of the day. I downloaded a meditation app called HeadSpace a few months ago and have started doing some meditation before sleep. Furthermore, I try to avoid looking at my phone at least 30 minutes before bed because it stimulates my mind too much. I truly believe that meditation leads to a much more restful sleep.

Q: Do you like sleeping during the day? why?

A: When I take a nap, I tend to keep pressing the snooze button and end up sleeping for at least an hour and a half! Although it feels amazing to escape the heat with an afternoon nap in an air-conditioned room, I try to avoid it because I end up feeling more tired afterward. I think a 30-45 minute nap would be ideal.

Q: Do you think elderly people need more or less sleep than young? why?

A: I imagine that an aging body exerts much more energy for simple tasks that seem easy to a young, able body. Furthermore, they may be more sensitive to extreme weather. With this said, I would say that the elderly require more rest. I believe if they have more rest, they can stay healthier and perhaps live a longer life.