Q: Describe a time when you did a lengthy calculation without using the calculator. You should say: When was it? Where was it? How did you? How did you feel about it?

A: The calculation is a part of our daily routine, whether it's a long way or short. Today I want to discuss one lengthy calculation I did without help from a machine because I forgot to carry my mobile phone; otherwise, I always use a mobile calculator to avoid mistakes. When I was 8 to 9 years old, exactly, I don't remember my age. One day, my father told me to go and buy the list of groceries from a wholesaler because his hands were full with other work. So I went there in a hurry because I had to go for tuition at 5 pm, and I wanted to finish this task before that. I bought approximately 35 items in small or big amounts were included. The most interesting thing was that all amounts were in an irregular format. At that time, I realized that I had left my phone at home. So I did the calculations manually, and it took more than the average time because I'm not very good at mathematics. After the calculation, I found that there was a difference of 250 rupees in the calculation. So I did the calculation again to double-check. Both time differences were the same, so I told the shop owner there was a difference in the amount. He also checked and refunded that extra amount to me. At last, I felt proud of myself, and when I went home, I described all the incidents to my parents.

Q: How often do you make calculations?

A: Calculation is a part of human life. It can be in any form, small or large, but if I'm talking about myself, I'm doing lots of calculations at work, because as a software developer, I have to design algorithms. Each task has different requirements. But thank god, with the development of AI, things have become easier than before. I take only a few seconds to calculate the result by using ChatGPT. I usually do it once or twice a day at work.

Q: What instruments do you use to make calculations?

A: Nowadays, everyone has a smartphone, and several applications are available to calculate data. Either it is a simple numerical or scientific calculation. Because no one is using a calculator. In my case, I'm also using an application calculator for small or lengthy calculations.

Q: Is the significance of manual calculations declining?

A: Yes, we can say this because everyone is busy and becomes too lazy to do hard work; manual calculation is also part of this type of thing. No one wants to waste his time doing the manual calculation. The main reason behind it is that it is complex and hard to identify mistakes in calculation after a long time. Most youngsters use automatic calculation instead of manual calculation.

Q: Do you know anyone who makes fast and accurate calculations?

A: Yes, I know, one person from the past 4 to 5 years. I met him in my previous organization; his calculation is faster than our hand typing calculation on the calculator. We are calling him an AI calculator. We also tried to know to whom he was doing this type of simple or complex calculation within seconds; he said even he didn't know it was happening by default in his mind. He does not have any type of tips and tricks for it.