Q: Describe an interesting thing you have learned from a foreign culture. You should say: What is it? How did you learn it? Why did you learn it? and explain how you think it will help others.

A: Learning is a lifelong process; individuals learn daily from their mistakes, experiences, and past events. Today, I would like to shed some light on the fascinating things I learned from foreign cultures. My uncle and aunt have been living in the US for three decades. Their children were born and brought up in the US, and now my cousins are in their early 20s. They are undoubtedly US, but we bond strongly whenever we have leg time. We love to kill that time on a video call and talk about Apple's ways. We know all the ropes about each other and have decided this now. I am free because of the completion of my graduation, but for months. I was not able to on a single Pan name. On the other hand, my cousins who are in the US and younger than me are earning handsome emoluments and catering to their needs by themselves. I remember once my cousin told me that in a foreign culture, after the age of 12, there is an allowance for every child to do part-time work in order to fulfill his or her needs. I was impressed by his talk; however, this situation is the opposite in China. We have depended on each other for trim work, and neither one has the confidence to work independently. However, I was so impressed by a foreign culture that I started my part-time job, which was in a Cafe. Then I realized that it was a big lesson for me to learn the lesson of independence, and this was all because of the inspiration of my brother. Now I am independent and can clear all my expenses with my own salary. This is a win-win situation for me as I am not only handsome, to you mean but also become confident because of self-independence.

Q: How do you learn about celebrations that are related to your culture?

A: No doubt, my parents taught me about various celebrations that are related to Chinese culture. They also taught me traditions that are necessary for a person to know about; however, some other celebrations, such as Mother's Day and Father's Day, are related to the foreign culture I learned from the internet.

Q: What do you think are common celebrations all over the world?

A: In my opinion, there are numerous celebrations which are well-renowned all over the world which including. New Year celebrations, Mother's Day, Father's Day, Valentine's Day, Christmas, and many more are happily celebrated by individuals all over the world.

Q: Do you think we should follow our culture and traditions, and why?

A: In my viewpoint, cultures and traditions are necessary and to be followed by individuals because it is a way to connect individuals with their roots, and it is beneficial because people pass them from Generation to Generation. One culture will be preserved and will not diminish by following one's culture and traditions.

Q: How do you react to spending a lot of money on celebrations?

A: Honestly speaking, I am a prudent buyer, and I don't like to spend hefty amounts of money on celebrations, as I reckon that one should spend that money on such productive work, as I feel that celebrations are ways to express happiness rather than flaunting status in front of others.