Q: Describe an invention that changed your life. You should say: What is it? How had it changed your life? What benefits did it bring? and explain if it is more important for you.

A: The mobile phone, particularly the Apple phone known as the iPhone. It has always been a conception that has changed my life. This device has a lot of features, such as daily reminders and alarms, that help me keep up to date with events and access different apps that can be used for socializing and communication. Furthermore, it has a health assessment app that tracks your vital signs, and as a programmer, you can input your notes to help with the recording. Another is the ability to listen to podcasts and music whenever I'm stressed or just relaxing. This invention has changed my life positively because, with the ability to make calls, I can call my parents, who are miles away from me, and know what they are doing. I can also track my health progress and make adjustments when necessary. I can apply for jobs remotely with just the use of this device. The benefits are actually numerous, such that I can attend meetings and occasions over the phone. I have textbooks that are quite expensive, but with the use of the phone, I can download the softcopy, and it comes in handy; it even has audio features where you can just play the audio of the textbook while doing other chores; I use one stone to kill two birds. I believe this invention is crucial in my daily living because it helps me balance my work lifestyle and my health. I basically cannot do without the device because the first thing that wakes me up is the alarm, which then propels me to do other activities.

Q: How has technology made our lives easier?

A: Technology has made our lives easier in so many ways. For example, in the health sector, there is the development of equipment that could detect any anomaly found in our bodies, leading to a healthier lifestyle. Also, in the educational sector, there are many courses that do not require going directly to classes. You could get educated from the comfort of your home.

Q: Which invention do you think is the most useful at home?

A: The invention I believe that is more beneficial is the cooking equipment, such as the oven and the air fryer. With these items, you can easily bake multiple things at the same time, saving your time and electricity consumption.

Q: Is it more difficult for old people to accept new technologies?

A: I believe it is quite taxing for the older generation to adapt to the present technologies. Because they are used to doing things without ease. For example, there are elderly people in my hometown who prefer to use the old hoes and axes for farming rather than the machines being provided by the government.

Q: What can be done to help old people learn to use new technologies?

A: There are ways to help the geriatric population, such as providing a basic class on ways to handle these devices. Directly giving them a discounted purchase for products they are buying.

Q: What can be done to help old people learn to use new technologies?

A: There are ways to help the geriatric population, such as providing a basic class on ways to handle these devices. Directly giving them a discounted purchase for the products being bought.

Q: Will our lives be better if we live without technology?

A: No, I believe the present technology has improved our lifestyles, from accessing materials online to having social interactions with a stranger who is far away on another continent. The breakthrough in the medical field, too, cannot be overemphasized.

Q: Why have many inventions occurred in the last 100 years?

A: Due to the improved level of education and the investment by governments in courses that require a lot of research. Also, the growing population in literacy has also contributed to that.

Q: How does the internet help in innovation?

A: The internet provides us with various materials that can further help in researching. It also allows us to connect with people who have the same goals as us to achieve something.