Q: Describe a restaurant that you enjoyed going to. You should say: Where was the restaurant? Why did you choose this restaurant? What type of food did you eat in this restaurant? and explain why you enjoyed eating in this restaurant.

A: This topic reminds me of a Japanese sushi restaurant named 'Isshin Japanese Cuisine', which has four branches in Beijing. The one I often hit is housed in Wudaokou, where several universities, including Tsinghua University, are situated. About 3 years ago, I was recommended by my best friend to try it. The restaurant impressed me a lot with its great price for authentic sushi as well as its aesthetic of a warm, woody interior with large pieces of beautiful Japanese art. The restaurant is very nicely laid out, clean, and tidy, with good service. However, what I want to introduce most is its wonderful food. Sushi rolls and sashimi are pretty tasty, and the most popular special is the remarkable tonkatsu, an enormous plate featuring deep-fried pork cutlet served with a lashing of plum sauce, shredded cabbage, and rice. When I first ordered the dish, I hesitated for a while. But when it was served, I was definitely sure that my choice was correct. I have been a fan of this restaurant for years, and the quality of the food is improving. Anyway, the Isshin Restaurant is indeed a great place to grab a bite to eat.

Q: Why do you think people go to restaurants when they want to celebrate something?

A: People go to a restaurant to celebrate for several reasons. The first reason is that it makes any celebration seem more special. The second reason is that the restaurant will have more room to accommodate a large group in comfort, and will enable a family or a group to concentrate only on the celebration without someone having to work for hours in the kitchen. At the end of the celebration, there will be no clearing up and no washing up.

Q: Which are more popular in your country: fast food restaurants or traditional restaurants? Why do you think that is?

A: Fast food outlets such as McDonald's, KFC, and Pizza Hut are popular with teenagers for informal gatherings because of the need to eat quickly. They are also popular for children's birthday parties because children can choose what they like to eat. In China, for most people, traditional Chinese restaurants are preferred because of the unhurried style of eating and the better cuisine.

Q: Some people say that food in an expensive restaurant is always better than food in a cheap restaurant--would you agree?

A: There is an old saying in England, 'You get what you pay for,' and this is true in general, but not always so in the case of restaurants. In some cases, you are paying for the name of the restaurant and its ambience. In the most expensive restaurants, you will find beautifully starched linen tablecloths, silver cutlery, the finest china plates, and so forth, but this may not be reflected in the food served. Very often, the best restaurants are family-owned, where all the family is involved, either as cooks, waiters, or receptionists. Often, family honor requires that you leave satisfied, and often the food served is of the highest quality because the owners want you to return. I prefer to go to this type of restaurant because it is cheaper, and I am overwhelmed by the formality of the famous restaurants.

Q: Do you think there will be a greater choice of food available in shops in the future, or will there be fewer choices?

A: Already, there is a vast array of foods available in supermarkets, imported at great transport costs from all over the world. In theory, the choice ought to expand even further, but increasing transport costs and the effect of producing food for rich countries by poor countries, scarcely able to feed their own populations, may cause the choice to be less in the future.

Q: What effects has modern technology had on the way food is produced?

A: Modern technology has changed the way food is planted and harvested. Large-scale sowing machines, spraying machines, and reapers are all related to modern technologies.

Q: How important is it for a country to be able to grow all the food it needs, without importing any from other countries?

A: In theory, it is a good idea to be self-sufficient in food production so that in time of war, the nation would not starve. However, in today's world, that is often not possible. Britain, for example, has 60 million people and only about 2%, or less, of the population works on the land. It would make good sense to use up much of the land that is not being used for agriculture to grow crops that would leave us self-sufficient in the production of cereals, milk, and meat. Out-of-season fruits are not necessary for survival; potatoes, grain, milk, and meat are, and governments have neglected the production of these, and we are losing the skills of production as we import more food.