Q: Describe an adventure you would like to go on. You should say: With whom do you want to go? When do you want to go? What do you want to do?

A: There are many different kinds of adventures, sports, and other activities I want to do, and one of them is water sports. In the state where I live, there are no rivers where I enjoy water sports, and it's been a very long time since I wanted to do water sports. One of my favorite watersports is rafting, and this is a sport that I heard about from my friend and that he has done it many times, about twice during his holiday. The summer is the best season for doing that, and after I heard from him, I was very excited. I also convinced my other friend to go with me, and he was also very excited. After we got our desired band score in the IELTS exam, we decided to do this water sport, and our first priority was rafting. It is very adventurous because many people love this sport, and there is one place called Baiyun Lake where there are many rivers for this sport, and every year, there are many people who enjoy water rafting and other sports. We decided to go in the summer. As I said earlier, summer is the best season to enjoy this thrilling sport. There are also some different sports that I want to try, like bungee jumping, skydiving, hiking, and skiing. I want to try this adventure sport because I am very thrill-seeking, and I enjoy thrills and adventures.

Q: What kind of personality should a person have to be able to take risks?

A: I think a person needs to have a very strong mentality that can accept failure and move on to another task for his or her goal. Because risk means there will always be a failure, except for a person who is already stable and very mentally prepared, or if a person does not have a strong opinion or doesn't have any knowledge, he or she can't take the risk.

Q: Do adventures expand your horizons?

A: Yes, adventure activities definitely expand our thinking level and can help us build confidence, and with that, we can work more efficiently. They also make us happier and more comfortable, and adventure gives us a sense of what we are capable of.

Q: What kind of people love adventure? What specific age group?

A: I think adventure activities are mostly done by young people because they acquire physical as well as mental fitness. Older people can't do adventure activities because of their physical fitness, because they're not that reliable for adventure, and people who love training every day from their daily lives of adventures and thrilling activities.

Q: Which one is more interesting, adventure stories in books or adventure films?

A: Personally, I think adventure movies are more interesting than adventure stories because adventure movies visually represent how people experience adventure and thrills that are not done in a movie. I did find that most people love to watch adventure movies rather than adventure stories, but some people who are very fond of reading or listening love to listen to adventure stories rather than films.