Q: Describe something you don't have now but would really like to own in the future. You should say: what this thing is? how long you have wanted to own it? where did you first see it? and explain why you would like to own it?

A: When it comes to something I really want to buy in the future, a car, an off-road car Bens G65, is the first thing that comes into my mind without any hesitation. It has a separate frame construction which can make it more suitable for off-road situations. Meanwhile, a 4-wheel drive system is also necessary in order to tackle all kinds of road conditions. A diesel engine offers the utmost 350 horsepower driving force with at least 6 cylinders and two turbochargers that match well with a 9-speed auto gearbox. The minute when I received my driving license I was willing to own my own car. I have wanted it badly for over 10 years. Because of my limited budget, I bought a second-hand hatchback car 5 years ago, but you know, I have never stopped dreaming of it. I have not seen the car that I want to buy in person, but I have read many articles introducing it from some auto magazines. Nowadays, people can only buy it in EU, but the good news is that it will be exported to China maybe next year. If the price is affordable, I probably will buy it. An off-road car like this can take people to some remote areas to enjoy some wonderful natural views that people cannot see in cities. Besides, driving to Tibet is one of my future plans and only this kind of car can guarantee my safety during the trip. I have already been saving money for this car for many years, and I can't imagine how happy I will be when I really own it.

Q: What types of things do young people in your country most want to own today?

A: Well, the answer must be a decent job. As we all know, recently the employment rate has been declining and young people especially new graduates are facing severe competition in job markets. As is reported by some official media, over 50% of new graduates cannot find satisfying jobs that they planned to get before graduation.

Q: Why is this?

A: Having a decent job means a lot for young people. Initially, having a decent job is a precondition for having an independent life. Nearly every young people want to live without their parents' financial support, and however, only with a decent job can this come into being. On top of this, a decent job also brings young people upper social status and better economic conditions.

Q: Why do some people feel they need to own things?

A: From my point of view, the sense of owning things seems like a part of human nature. People mostly want to own more and more things to live a rich material life, which can provide people with a sense of security easily. In modern society, people are aiming to upgrade their life quality by owning more things. For instance, most families want to own a house in a seaside city which they may only visit once a year. And having two or three cars is also some people's dream.

Q: Do you think that owning a lot of things makes people happy? Why?

A: It really depends on what people actually pursue in their life. For people pursuing a simple life, owning plenty of things does not make any sense for them, and what they need is irrelevant to owning material stuff. On the contrary, as to people chasing a material life, happiness comes directly from how many things they have in their lives. And of course, the fact people have to admit is that having a material or even luxurious life is widely accepted by more and more people nowadays.

Q: Do you think television and films can make people want to get new possessions?

A: Yes, they really can. Media like television and films are able to have great effects on people's behaviors by broadcasting attractive information. Immersing in the virtual materials world that people can often see in TV programs or movies, people possibly want to own a life as wonderful as what they can see in TV or movies. I can totally understand that people living in poor bungalows want to move to million-dollar houses that they often see in movies.

Q: Why do they have this effect?

A: First of all, what people have to admit is that media like TV and movies are really playing important roles in people's lives. Besides surfing the Internet, every day people spend most of their free time in front of the TV, and going to the cinema weekly is also what some people often do. There is no doubt that media like this can directly and immediately influence people's consumption habits. A successful TV commercial can definitely make a certain product popular, which can be thought of as a good example in point. Watching a much better lifestyle from time to time, people will unconsciously set up a goal like that for their real life.

Q: Are there any benefits to society for people wanting to get new possessions?

A: Buying new possessions contributes to economic development surely. For instance, nowadays in most big cities in China, housing prices are decreasing and the trading volume of real estate is declining at the same time. The government believes this trend will impede the development of the economy in China, and therefore many policies aiming at encouraging people to buy things, especially cars and apartments were constituted recently. 

Q: Why do you think this is?

A: Unquestionably, cash flow brought by buying new possessions is something considerably important for economic development. For example, once people buy cars or houses, many industries and their employees can gain benefits from this. People who work in the real estate industry can earn money from this, and additionally, employees in related industries also can be involved such as people working for a furnishing company and people working for a property management company. Simultaneously, governments can also earn revenue from this. All in all, buying possessions contributes to economic development to a large extent, and also offers more working opportunities.

Q: Do you think people will consider that having lots of possessions is a sign of success in the future? Why?

A: I have to say yes. Although from my point of view, there should be many standards for judging whether a person is successful or not, in fact, the one that is widely accepted is money. And a sign of how much money people have is their possessions. People with wealth are often thought of as successful persons no matter how they earn their money. The reason is that people always admire someone with lots of possessions blindly simply because they all want to have a rich life. And in our modern society, what we can't deny is that most of the things can be bought with money. Hence, it is adopted by a considerable proportion of people that money is regarded as a standard for judging whether someone is successful or not. In the future, unquestionably this standard will be still the same because what I believe is that in the future this standard will be more dominant and become a mainstream view according to what I said just now.




