Q: Describe an occasion when someone gave you positive advice or suggestions about your work. You should say: what did you do? when was it? why do you get positive feedback? how do you feel about it?

A: There are many occasions that I attend with my family and friends. When we have an occasion, we meet our relatives, old friends, or classmates. Here I would like to speak about the marriage occasion of my best friend, in that marriage, one of my school friends gave me positive advice. Last Sunday, we went to my best friend's marriage. Her name is Yan. In her marriage, we all met our classmates. I enjoyed her marriage because of my friends' company. That time I sat with one of my friends on the side, and we started discussing our daily routine, she told me that Su had started her studies after a two-year gap during COVID. She knew I also wanted to complete my post-graduation, and she encouraged me and told me about her way of studying. She joined online classes and started tuition classes as well. She got a good score and felt proud. I get motivation from her. After completing the marriage function, I went back to my home and told my mother my friend's story, and my mother took an admission me to college. I started to study. I completed my studies in the second division. Lastly, I would thank my friend for his advice, and I completed my desired education.

Q: Do you like helping others?

A: Yes, I like to help others when they need it, and I also help my siblings with studying.

Q: In your view, should children be taught to help others?

A: In my view, children should be taught to help others. Because of this, they learn how to respect elders and enhance their communication skills.

Q: How can we encourage children to help others?

A: We encourage children to help others and give them examples of people who help poor people with COVID and floods.

Q: Do you think people are less willing to help others these days compared to the past?

A: Yes, I think people's minds are changing because of their busy schedules and workloads. They are less willing to help others because they don't have time. In the past, people have emotions toward each other they help when they need.

Q: Do people trust others as much as they used to in the past?

A: In the past days, people have emotions with each other; they get with them every morning and evening, and they have more trust. However, nowadays, people are busy in their daily routines; they don't have face-to-face conversations, so they don't trust each other.

Q: How do people in your community help one another?

A: In my community, people help others when they need any emergency, and if they face any critical situation, they help give them food and motivation.

Q: How do students such as high school students help each other?

A: In high school, students help each other give them help in their project completion, and study in a group.

Q: How can charitable organizations help people?

A: Charitable organizations help people by giving them medicine, food, and clothing. If any person or children don't have a family, they give them to study.

Q: What are the examples of such organizations in your country?

A: In my country, we have lots of organizations that help others. For instance, the Red Cross Society of China helps people with flooding and COVID-19 by providing food and shelter.

Q: What do you think are the benefits of having unpaid volunteer workers?

A: There are many benefits of unpaid volunteer workers, which can enhance their communication and knowledge. They got to experience while during volunteer work.

Q: Should professionals be hired rather than using volunteer workers?

A: I think both are hired because both have experience, and the volunteer worker has the chance to do work in any organization.