Q: Describe your idol. You should say: who is your idol? why and how did this person become your idol? how has this person impacted your life?

A: Without a shadow of a doubt, my father is the most important in my life. He taught me to walk, read, help others, and sometimes fight for justice. I talk about my idol in life - my father. When I got this topic to talk about, I had no doubt that my father had been, and still is, the most influential person in my life. Due to his unconditional love and his instrumental guidance for me in every stage of my life, he is the most obvious choice for me to talk about. My father taught me the importance of morality and honesty in life and showed me how to become a good human. He also taught me the qualities of a good person and how to form good and reliable relationships with others. So, the person I have become is greatly inspired by my father. I will give you an example of how he guided me my whole life by telling you about an event. I was the top scorer in my school days, but my grades started declining in college. Noticing that he started spending more time with me and put in his every effort, including hiring two home tutors, taking me to libraries, and consulting with my college teachers to ensure I retained my good grades. During the process, he had never been rude and said that exam results were unimportant. As a person, he is kind, hard-working, patient, and understanding, not to mention his sense of humor that allows him to get on well with almost everybody. He was a successful worker. I feel very close to him and would be ready to do anything and everything humanly possible to make him happy, the same way he did for me his whole life.

Q: Do you actually believe in idols?

A: To be honest, I would say yes, but in terms of exploring, you definitely need an idol or a Guru because only an experienced one can guide you the way.

Q: Do you think having an idol makes you a better person?

A: I personally believe that making an idol in life is also beneficial for us to be a better person because if we choose our role model, then we can fulfill the requirements of life and we can also learn a lot of things from them.

Q: Do you idolize yourself?

A: Frankly speaking, this is not my kind of thing because I believe I just started my journey and still have to go a long way to become an idol for someone.

Q: Who do you idolize the least?

A: I think there are a number of people whom I consider the least idolized. One of my siblings is always telling lies in front of everyone and also doing irritating activities that make everyone angry, so these types of people never be idols to anyone.

Q: What could this person do that would make you consider them not to be your idol anymore?

A: He or She doesn't need to do much. If I find a person's behavior and actions are hypocritical, his name will be rubbed out from my idol list with immediate effect without further notice.

Q: Would you relive the moment when this person became your idol again if you had the opportunity?

A: Yes, I want to relive the moment when he becomes my idol again if I get the opportunity because every day I live with my father, he always makes me more confident and gives me new ideas to make life easier.