Q: Describe an open-air or street market that you enjoyed visiting. You should say: where the market is? what did the market sell? how big the market is? and explain why you enjoyed visiting this market.

A: Speaking of a market, I want to talk about my favorite open-air market. It's situated in the eastern part of my hometown. It's pretty huge. Its history goes back all the way to fifty years ago and it's quite famous in my hometown. Actually, everyone living in that city can tell you something about this market. The market is made up of many parts, like the food section, the toy section, and the clothing section. A great number of people go there almost every day. Some of them buy things and some others just look around. Also, lots of people out of town visit this market. They heard a lot about it and hoped to get some exciting shopping experiences. This market never let them down. You know there are tons of stuff and everyone can find the thing he or she wants to buy. Some others just enjoy chatting and bargaining there. My favorite part of this market is the clothing section in that I can find many different kinds of clothes, like casual, formal and sports clothes there and the price is always reasonable. What's more, I can always get a discount because it frequently holds sales promotions. Apart from that, all the sales clerks are friendly to customers. They always wear a smile on their face, enjoying the experience of buying or selling things. This market is totally amazing in that although it's pretty big, it's very well-run. It is kind of noisy but I guess that's perfectly natural for an open-air market. Come here, you can't come wrong.

Q: Do people in your country enjoy going to open-air markets that sell things like food clothes or old objects? Which type of market is more popular? Why?

A: Well ... umm ... in our country, it is uncommon to find various open-air markets that are regularly seen in Western countries. Moreover, since the four seasons are clearly distinct in most of the cities: extremely hot in summer while freezing cold in winter, people don't like shopping in an open-air market under such kind of climate. Therefore, the majority of people prefer shopping malls and supermarkets.

Q: Do you think markets are more suitable places for selling certain types of things? Which ones? Why do you think this is?

A: I think it requires integrated consideration. Some products are more suitable for selling at markets, such as food and toys. And we can't deny the fact that some electrical products like television or cell phones sold at street markets are more likely to be counterfeit. That's exactly the reason why so many people tend to buy things like electrical items from supermarkets or shopping malls.

Q: Do you think young people feel the same about shopping at markets as older people? Why is that?

A: Well, first I have to say that there are many differences. The older people are more likely to shop at the open-air markets. They are passionate about buying stuff on sale or bargaining with street vendors for lower prices, while young people prefer to shop at shopping malls. As for the reason, I guess it is a natural result of the fact that they were born and grew up in different times. Elderly people and young guys have totally different values. Consequently, it is quite understandable.

Q: What do you think are the advantages of buying things from shops rather than markets?

A: Although they seem quite similar, they do share some differences. The initial advantage of buying things from shops is that if it is faulty, then it is possible to return and get your money back. Subsequently, buying from a trustworthy shop means the goods will be more reliable than the ones you buy from a street market.

Q: How does advertising influence what people choose to buy? Is this true for everyone?

A: There are kinds of advertising in modern society. Undoubtedly, promotional advertisements contain fancy art elements that attract people to keep their eyes on them. I think these are fairly influential in enabling people to think about the advertised products. However, not all forms of advertisements can work out. As for me, I will be less likely to consider a product if the advertisements always appear in my spam or messages because it's annoying.

Q: Do you think that any recent changes in the way people live have affected general shopping habits? Why is this?

A: I suppose the answer is yes. In modern society, there is a growing trend towards shopping online with a busy lifestyle. Therefore, e-commerce has been around for a certain time and it is gradually breaking into traditional markets. Many large actual stores have closed down due to the competition of high street shoppers. Instead, more and more people find it cheaper and more convenient to purchase online.



