Q: Talk about a software that you use often: What is it? What does it do? Where and when do you use it? How does it help you? How could it be improved? What other software could you use to replace it?

A: I am going to talk about the software that I often use, which is Microsoft 365. The subscription for Microsoft 365 family costs about $100 per year and you can share it with up to six people in your household. You get access to Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and a few other Microsoft programs as well as one terabyte of OneDrive storage. I personally use Microsoft 365 for PowerPoint because both my mother and I do animated videos on PowerPoint. She is a teacher and she is a teacher and she does that in order to help her students and she does that in order to teach her lessons. I also use it for school projects and other personal projects that I have. There is a new feature in PowerPoint called Copilot that helps you with suggesting ideas on a specific topic or it can turn a Word file into a presentation. Another thing that I like so much about PowerPoint is that there are so many tutorials available on the Internet and it is so easy to work with it. Given the chance, I would probably drop the price a little for students but there is also a free alternative to PowerPoint. It's called Canva and that is also a good application.

Q: How important is it for people to stay updated with the latest software developments?

A: I think it is very important for people to stay updated with the latest software developments because they come with new features and bugs that are fixed, and they are obviously more secure than they were before.

Q: Why do you think keeping software up to date is crucial?

A: I think it is crucial because outdated software is an easy target for hackers and that's why it's important to update it once in a while.

Q: What are some common issues people might face with using software and how can they be addressed?

A: I think the most common problems that people face when using software are slow performance, network issues, and just losses of files. These problems can be fixed by buying a new computer or updating your software.

Q: Do you think there is a significant difference between using software for personal versus professional purposes?

A: Yes, I definitely think there is a huge difference between using software for personal purposes and using it for professional purposes. When you are using software for professional purposes, it has to be perfect. You have to pay attention to all the mistakes that you could have made. The presentations have to be engaging and every essay needs to be just perfect. When you are working for yourself, you just need to get your job done and not pay so much attention to details.

Q: How do the requirements or expectations differ between personal and professional use?

A: I think they are very different because, as I mentioned before, when you are using software for professional purposes, everything has to be perfect. People are expecting a great essay, a great document, or a presentation, but if you do it just for yourself, there is no one to disappoint. 

Q: Are there any specific features that you believe are essential for software to be effective and user-friendly?

A: Yes, definitely. I think the most important feature is security and privacy in every software, as well as being able to report a problem.

Q: What impact do you think software has on productivity and efficiency in the workplace or at school?

A: I think software has made people in school a bit lazier than they were before. But in the workplace, it is so great for keeping all the files in one place instead of having a bunch of papers that you might lose.

Q: Can you provide examples of how software has helped or hindered productivity?

A: I think programs like ChatGPT have made teenagers just less productive. They don't do essays or projects on their own anymore. They simply type what the theme is on a program like ChatGPT and it just gets done for them. But also for people who work in an office, softwares are very helpful for them.

Q: What are the potential consequences of excessive reliance on technology?

A: I think over-relying on technology is very dangerous and the worst consequence is that people lose their critical thinking skills. They are just too lazy to do calculations, essays and any kind of project on their own.

Q: How do you decide which software to use for different tasks or projects?

A: Whenever I have to do a project, I just look at the requirements and that's how I choose my software. For example, I am not going to do an essay in PowerPoint. I will just do it in Word. 

Q: In what ways can software developers ensure their products meet the needs and explanations of their users?

A: I think the best way for software developers to tell if their clients are satisfied with their product is by looking at numbers. If their clients keep buying the product, for example, if it's a monthly subscription, then they are definitely satisfied. But if a big number of people give up on that subscription, they need to look at what they are doing wrong.

Q: How important is user feedback in the development process?

A: I think user feedback is very important in the process of developing software because it can be considered constructive criticism. Developers need to look at what they are doing wrong or the bugs that people face when using their programs. And they need to fix it in order not to lose their clients.
