Animal.

Like the ones that are kept in zoos in captivity in case and I don't really like the conditions those animals were kept in.

Panda is the most popular animal in China, because of its cute appearance.

The reason why I'm quite into dogs is that I'm fascinated by their loyalty.

Bird.

Birds, in particular, are truly fascinating creatures.

Living in the city, birds are a rare sight.

Most of the stuff about birds that I've seen is on documentaries of the great outdoors.

Only elderly people are fond of keeping birds in their homes or feeding them at the local parks or ponds.

Flower.

Flowers do play a significant role in our culture.

I bought some roses as a gift for my wife.

I don't have flowers in study room.

I frequently send flowers like roses to my wife on special occasions.

I think the rose is one of the most popular flowers among youngsters.

I usually buy flowers at the florist around the corner down the street near my community, where I pass by every day.

I usually put fresh flowers that are in season, like red roses, and sunflowers on the table in the living room.

I'm familiar with various flowers including roses, sunflowers, and carnations.

In China, flowers like the rose symbolize love.

In Chinese culture, the lotus symbolizes the ultimate purity of the heart.

On special days like Valentine's Day, I would send red roses, which represent love to my wife.

Pet.

I have owned a dog as a pet for as long as I can remember.

I think a large percentage of people in my country have some kind of pets in their homes.

I would say that cats, dogs, and fish are some common types of pets in my country.

If I had a choice, I would like to keep pets outdoors.

Most people in my country don't really have much of a fascination for a pet.

Trees.

I actually enjoy planting trees quite a lot.

In the south of China, people prefer trees that have tiny size and green leaves.

Wildlife.

China have a wide variety of wild animals of all sorts of different kinds.

China is home to a diverse range of wildlife, including pandas, and many species of birds and marine life.

I assume countries that have natural reserves must make it very easy for us to see lots of wild animals such as China.

I guess we can detect wild animals in places that have fewer people.

I'd like to watch TV programs about wild animals.

If I had the opportunity, I would love to see a panda in the wild.

It was a unique experience to see wild animals in a natural setting and observe their behaviors.

There are plenty of wildlife documentaries aimed at both adults and children.