Beverage.

Coca-Cola is everywhere.

I have never really counted but I drink water at least a dozen times during the day.

I like to drink water as soon as I get up in the morning.

I must say nothing can beat the taste of fresh cold water on a hot summer day.

Candy.

I must admit that I have a bit of a sweet tooth.

I probably have like one candy a day.

Many people love candy because it is sweet and delicious.

There are new candies and flavors that's new to the market and it didn't seem to be around when I was a young boy.

Cook.

I also like to cook at home because I know the ingredients and it is less expensive.

I often watch cooking programs on TV to learn cooking.

I learn cooking from my mother and cookery books.

My mother always experiments with new dishes.

My mother has excellent culinary skills.

My mother is health-conscious and prepares food with little salt.

When I'm finished at the office, I like to go home and prepare a meal, like yesterday, I made delicious noodles.

Cuisine.

China is a country with a splendid catering culture.

Hunan dishes are spicy and hot.

I like Cantonese food because it's light in flavor.

There are eight major cuisines in China.

Diet.

I don't think vegetarianism gives me enough energy in the long term.

I love a delicious crab dim sum. I could have it every day.

I think organic food is probably more popular with the very health-conscious.

I think the main point is that we should try to lead a healthy diet, where we have lots of energy and we don't get sick.

These days, especially with women, there's a lot of pressure on them to diet to make sure that they have a slim body.

Eat out.

Food in restaurants always has too much salt.

I like taking my wife out to a restaurant for dinner.

I like to dine out at restaurants.

I like to eat at a restaurant because it is less work, and I try new dishes just like the delicious French onion soup the other day.

My go-to restaurant is KFC. They have the delicious hamburger and the price is great.

My wife is quite a picky eater and she loves going out.

Whenever it's possible to go out to eat.

Fruits.

Bananas, on the other hand, are not only tasty but also really convenient to carry on the go.

I do enjoy eating fruits and vegetables. 

fruits and vegetables are not only delicious, but they also provide essential nutrients for a healthy lifestyle.

I eat at least one apple, banana, or orange a day.

I make it a point to incorporate fruits and vegetables into my daily diet. 

Personally, I'm not a big fan of Bitter Gourd. Bitter Gourd has a distinct bitter taste that does not appeal to my palette.

Some of my favorite fruits include bananas and apples.