Business.

Businessmen are mostly focused on turning a profit.

I have worked in some small businesses.

I suppose that online businesses are quite the fad nowadays because people can enjoy the comfort of working from home.

One of the benefits of owning one's own business is control over time and finances.

One of the negatives of owning one's own business would be the added stress and responsibility.

Long hours of working to ensure that your business becomes successful.

Market research is essential for success in the export business.

Competitor.

You need to be well aware of what your competitors do and then improve your product.

Economic.

Economic activities usually provide business opportunities for companies.

I am interested in economics, and I read a lot of reports on the economy.

Some economic organizations are playing a positive role in international cooperation.

What they did has had a great influence on people's lives in China.

Finance.

I believe schools should play a more proactive role in increasing financial awareness among students.

Import.

Already, there is a vast array of foods available in supermarkets, imported at great transport costs from all over the world.

Money.

Children must learn money management.

Happiness can't be bought with money.

I suppose parents give their children money on a weekly basis mainly because they are willing to offer their children money to buy snacks or breakfast.

I think it is reasonable for most university students to do a part-time job and earn money, for the reason that it has several merits.

I think these days children spend much more money on special events like birthday parties and festival days because of the easy of money from parents.

It is impossible to buy anything from any store without money.

Many low-income families can not make ends meet.

Money is often where all the trouble starts.

Money is probably the biggest problem.

"Money talks" could not be applied to every situation.

Old people are often thrifty with money.

There are a few courses about money management at the majority of Chinese schools.

Thrifty is one of the traditional virtues of Chinese people.

Time is often compared to money for its preciousness.

You obtain money in the right way and use it thriftily.

Young people borrow from Peter to pay Paul.

Young people tend to be loose with their money.

We should cultivate children's capability of dealing with their money.

We should not let money govern us.

Possession.

Buying new possessions surely contributes to economic development.

Cash flow brought by buying new possessions is something considerably important for economic development.

Saving.

I believe the ideal approach is a balanced one, combining both spending and saving.

I save money by cutting unnecessary expenses.

I think people should save some of their earnings each month in the bank.

I think young people today save money for a variety of reasons, ranging from short-term goals to long-term aspirations.

The difference between men and women saving money can often be linked to societal norms, financial goals, and even risk tolerance.

People can save money by planning their budget or making a list of things they need while going to purchase.

People save money so that they can use it in the future and don't need to depend on others' mercy.

Trade.

Some countries rely on trade to supply their demand.