Decision.

I also learned some strategies to make up my mind.

I asked my father when I was deciding my career path.

I must be doited to make that decision.

I plan to have a double major in Computer in college.

I think that every decision should be considered from multiple perspectives.

Making decisions is a tough job.

My decision to become an engineer is largely due to my parents' encouragement.

My plan for the quant trade is so I can retire by the time when I'm 35.

Once a wrong decision is made, rarely is there an opportunity to amend it.

Rushing the season and not thinking about the decision from multiple perspectives, will often lead a person down the wrong path.

The life of a person is really a series of decisions from early childhood.

The process of making decisions has a critical impact on everybody's life.

This decision symbolizes a turning point in my life.

This is a decision of life and death.

We can't follow blindly all of our parents' advice.

We should consult our supervisor before we decide which topic to write about.

When I'm 35, I may take up finance, and start learning quant trade.

When making decisions concerning migration, investment, etc, we'd better ask for help from experts.

Youngsters can get good advice from professionals on the internet.

Future.

I do believe that the ways people select and purchase goods will be very different in the future.

I have always believed that the future is uncertain, and it is challenging to predict specific aspects of my life.

I hope I will make a decent pay in the future.

In the future, I'm planning to buy a tablet from a famous brand like Samsung or Apple so that I can keep up with my work on the go.

In the future, we can expect even more integration of renewable resources and advanced public transportation making city life more sustainable and efficient.

It's difficult to predict the future.

Some possible differences in my future could arise from various factors such as career choices, personal goals, relationships, and so on.

Migration.

A country I would consider migrating to is the United States.

Before moving to a different country, it's crucial to research the culture, language, and living conditions.

Engaging with the local community through social activities, clubs, or cultural events can help migrants adapt more smoothly and build a supportive network.

I think migrating to the United States would provide me with a lot of opportunities to earn money and grow.

I was thinking about moving to Canada for a few years to gain a bit more cultural experience of the world.

Information about migration can be found on government websites and international organizations that provide guidance and support for aspiring migrants.

It might be challenging for elderly people to migrate abroad due to factors like health issues, difficulty to adapting to new cultures, and the need for a social support system.

Migrates often face challenges like language barriers, cultural differences, and social isolation when moving to a non-native-speaking country. 

One of the biggest reasons I wanna go to there is its unique freedom environment.

People in their middle can consider options like work exchange programs and securing jobs that sponsor visas or applying for scholarships and grants to support their move.

People migrate to different countries for various reasons, including better education, job opportunities, and a higher quality of life.

With careful preparation and an open mind, I'm confident I can overcome any challenges and make the most of this opportunity.

Younger generations often migrate to countries like Canada or the US for education and opportunities.

Plan.

I've sketched out some pretty exciting plans for the next five years.