Q: Describe a house or apartment that some you know lives in. You should say: whose house or apartment this is? where the house or apartment is? what does it look like inside? and explain what you like or dislike about this person's house or apartment?

A: I often visit houses and apartments where my friends are living, and there is one apartment that impressed me quite a lot. It is a fairly small apartment instead of a big luxury house. The owner of this apartment is one of my friends, who is working in the same city as me. We sometimes hang out together, and therefore I visited his apartment last weekend. It is the one located in the suburb of the city, a little bit far away from the subway stations and bus stops. Thus, what my friend can enjoy in his apartment is pure quietness. Walking into his apartment, I was totally shocked due to what I saw there. It is an apartment with only two rooms, a bedroom and a study. There is no living room, no kitchen, and no bathroom. Of course, there are public ones that he could use and he had to share with many others. His bedroom is really small, fully filled with a single bed. Moreover, his study is also small with quite many books. In the center of his study, there is a desk and a chair. No other furniture exists in his study at all. It is the perfect space for a bookworm. To be frank, I do not really like an apartment like this, which seems like a study, not a home. In fact, home is a place quite private, and whether I like it or not is not important at all. As for my friend, he loves his apartment simply because he gets what he likes. In his opinion, what he needs is a small bed where he sleeps and enough space where he can read. That is why I thought this apartment impressed me deeply as it is far from the home in my imagination.

Q: What kinds of homes are most popular in your country? Why is this?

A: The most popular home in my country must be an apartment with two bedrooms and one living room, a total of around 100 square meters. It is a kind of typical accommodation that people can see everywhere in my country. From my perspective, the main reason is that generally there are three family members in a Chinese family, parents and the kid, meaning that two bedrooms are imperative. And the living room is the only place where all family members can spend time together.

Q: What do you think are the advantages of living in a house rather than an apartment?

A: The majority of people are inclined to live in larger houses rather than smaller apartments. Houses can usually offer people much broader space than apartments and can only satisfy people's basic demands. Besides, houses are often more functional providing people with a study and even a swimming pool. This is to say, people living in houses can enjoy more comfort than people in apartments. On top of this, at least in my country, living in a house to some extent represents a person's social status, since a house often costs plenty of money, and only a few successful people can afford houses.

Q: Do you think that everyone would like to live in a large home? Why is that?

A: No one can deny that living in a larger home is most people's dream, and people are working hard day in and out to make money to make the dream come into being. A larger house, though as a kind of property, means a lot to everyone. The sense of owning a property like this is cool, and it is part of human nature. People are always willing to own an increasing number of things. As I have mentioned, a larger home does offer better living conditions due to there being more rooms and broader space.

Q: How easy is it to find a place to live in your country?

A: It is quite easy to find a place to settle down in China. In recent years, there are so many real estate agents who can offer you service in terms of whichever kind of accommodation people want to buy or rent in China. Of course, people need to pay for the service which sometimes is a little bit expensive. Notwithstanding, their service brings people much convenience especially when people are looking for a new living place in a new city that they have not been to. After making a couple of phone calls, people will be recommended many apartments or houses available.

Q: Do you think it's better to rent or to buy a place to live in? Why?

A: The interesting phenomenon in China is that more and more people are willing to buy an apartment or a house. Some people even would like to purchase some house property with loans provided by banks. What I believe is that they have no idea how cool renting a living place is. People renting a place to live in can move to a new place whenever they want. Once their jobs are changed, they can move to a new city without hesitation because they do not need to think about what they should do to deal with their apartments or houses. They only need to call their landlords. On top of this, after one or two years of living in the same apartment or house, people can move to another one. However, people buying a house can only live in it for their whole life no matter whether they feel tired of living there or not.

Q: Do you agree that there is a right age for young adults to stop living with their parents? Why is that?

A: From my perspective, there is a right age for young adults to move out of their parents' home. When they graduate from their college or begin to work, I do believe it is a good time for them to stop living with their parents. They, certainly, need an independent life, a significant sign of which is living by themselves. Only in this way can their life be independent. In the beginning, they might suffer from something like poor living conditions and a lack of income. These are all lessons for people to survive in this competitive society. That is what they need and what they deserve.