Q: Describe a time you had a disagreement with someone. You should say: Who was the person? Why did you have the disagreement? Was the issue resolved? If yes, how? and explain what happened after the disagreement.

A: Well, people usually disagree with others when they do not have a sane perspective on the thing. Subsequently, it raises the situation of disagreement. Today I would like to talk about a time when I had a disagreement with one of my bosom friends during my college days. I vividly remember when I was in the first semester of college. One day, my best friend Tan insisted I bunk the college. Because he wanted to watch the movie with his favorite actor, but I did not like his idea. Then I suggested she get permission from her parents instead of bunking the lecture, but she did not agree with my opinion and forced me too much. When I clearly denied her then, she became angry with me. Honestly speaking, I could not go because my parents are very strict, and if they came to know about the bunk from college, they would never trust me again. Apart from that, I do not want to miss my important lecture. We had, and one is, a long discussion on the negative consequences of bunking college, and finally, she agreed with my viewpoint. I also promised her to watch the movie together on a forthcoming Sunday, so that was a time when I had a disagreement with one of my close friends and resolved it happily.

Q: If there is a disagreement, what do you do?

A: When there is an argument, I try to explain the reason why I feel my view is right, but if the person does not see the issues as mine, I keep my peace.

Q: How can we prevent disagreements from escalating into a fight?

A: The best way to prevent disagreement from leading to a fight is silence. When an argument is heated, one of the parties should stop talking for peace.

Q: Who do you think should teach children to respect teachers or parents?

A: I think both are responsible for teaching a youngster how to respect. They should be respectful because they are the ones children observe most, and young people learn character mostly by observation.

Q: What do you do when you have a disagreement with your parents?

A: It is not acceptable in my culture for a child to disagree with the parents. It is believed that parents will always know better because of their years of experience.