Q: What kinds of beautiful scenery are there around your hometown?

A: Around my hometown, there are mainly mountains and fields. They're quite beautiful, especially in the spring and autumn. There are also a number of rivers and small woodland areas that are great for long country walks, hiking, fishing, and outdoor activities. So, there is quite a bit of beautiful scenery around my hometown, actually.

Q: What scenery can you see from the window of your home or dormitory?

A: My house is by a large public square. When looking out of the window, I can see lots of people walking around. To be honest, it's very noisy. So I usually close my window in the hall day.

Q: Do you like to watch the scenery from your window?

A: No, because my house is by the public square. When standing by the window, I can hear some noise, even if the window is closed. It makes me upset.

Q: Do you want to live in a house with beautiful window views?

A: Of course, I would like to have a house with a big garden and many trees around. But I think it's just a daydream to me because of the high price of the house in this area.

Q: How do you feel when you can't see any beautiful view from your window?

A: A house without any beautiful view has no soul. It will look like a prison. Hence I avoid renting any underground flat.

Q: When you travel, do you like to stay in hotels with scenic views?

A: Yes, of course. It's much better to have a hotel room with a nice view. I think most people prefer this. However, sometimes, if I go somewhere touristy and choose a cheap hotel or guest house, I don't really mind not having a great view. because I am going to be out sightseeing and doing things most of the time anyway, and just using the hotel to spend the night, to sleep, so in these cases I don't really mind much if the hotel has a good view or not.

Q: Do people like to take photos of beautiful scenery?

A: Yes, everyone likes to take photos of the beautiful scenery I think. Especially today, when everyone can take great photos using their smartphones, it's very common that people take photos of pretty much everything they do and see - to put on their WeChat moments and social media sites. In China, people often post photos of their food, their weekend activities, their holidays - lots of things - usually positive things that they are happy, excited, or proud about.

Q: Why do people prefer to take photos of beautiful scenery with smartphones?

A: Today, everyone takes photos of everything with their phones. Camera phones are now really excellent quality. They take fantastic photographs, and also lots of phone cameras now have all sorts of software filters to make photographs more beautiful, brighter to darker, or richer in color - they can even make people's faces look younger, their skin smoother, and their lips redder! So, yes, people take photos of everything with their smartphones today, not just beautiful scenery - literally everything.