Garden.

I'd prefer to play in a public garden.

Most of the public gardens in the place where I am living, which is also my hometown, offer me a great experience.

People can enjoy a great time with their friends or families in public gardens.

There is no need to have many public gardens from the government's perspective.

Landscape.

Lake BaiYun is beautiful and lots of people like to go there for sightseeing.

Landscapes like the great wall are crucial for a country because they are part of our natural heritage and cultural identity.

The government should play a proactive role in the conservation of natural landscapes.

Lost way.

I got lost when I climbed the Baiyun Mountains 2 years ago.

I guess reading a map would be most people's first choice when they get lost.

The easiest way to avoid danger is to turn around immediately when get lost.

Nature.

I enjoy spending time in nature in Guangzhou with its picturesque landscape.

Maintaining the natural beauty of the world.

Youth can be motivated to enjoy and guard nature through education and direct engagement.

Ocean.

I really enjoyed the ocean there and I would like to go back one day.

Various laws in different countries protect the ocean.

Part.

I'd like to walk when I visit a park.

The public park has large space and vast lawns where I can walk and do some jogging.

When I was a kid, the parks were often quite small.

River.

A river runs across our town, which divides it into two parts.

In summer, it looks like a picture of paradise.

In summer, local people would like to take a stroll a stroll around the lake after the meal.

It has its own beauty in different seasons of the year.

It is said that the Yellow River is the origin of the Chinese culture.

It provides most of the water for people's lives and industry on this piece of land.

Some people would go fishing there around the lake in summer.

The deposited plain at the lower reaches of the Yangtze River is fertile.

The water of the lake is clean and clear and there is a great abundance of fish in it.

The Yangtze River is the longest river in China.

Scenery.

Everyone likes to take photos of the beautiful scenery I think.

People take photos of everything with their smartphones today, not just beautiful scenery - literally everything.

Window View.

Beautiful window views can placate people's moods.

I can see the whole community from my window.

I really love to have a wonderful window view.

It's much better to have a hotel room with a nice view