Appearance.

He's of average height. 

He's got black eyes, black hair, pretty well build guy.

Backpack.

I used a backpack for most of my school life

Bag.

Bags are quite common gifts - especially purses and handbags for girls and women. 

I usually buy a couple of good quality bags.

Clothe/Dress.

Clothes made of cotton are healthier than those made of synthetic materials.

Different occasions require you to wear different clothes.

I believe there is a significant dressing difference between the young and old crowd.

I didn't get any chance to purchase special costumes.

I do not like skintight clothes.

I like baggy pants because they are comfortable.

I'm quite into wearing special clothes because they can boost my confidence.

In China, people wear traditional clothes on various occasions and festivals that hold cultural or religious significance.

Most people at work wear professional clothes, such as a shirt and casual pants, but it depends on the job.

Nowadays people have more choices for clothes than ten years ago.

People can present themselves as beautiful with clothes and makeup.

People wear comfortable clothes after work because they are much more stressed at work.

People wear formal clothes during work and also during class presentations in high school and college.

You should wear formal clothes on important occasions to be polite.

Confident.

If a person is confident, they can really gain the respect and trust of their audience.

Training an individual to achieve aspirations and a sense of confidence is required.

Courage.

I was mostly influenced by his courage.

Fashion.

Clothes demonstrated on fashion shows are not intended for everyday use.

"Fashion" has significantly changed in my country in recent years.

Fashion is indeed an important part of our life since it largely defines who we are and what our social and economic classes really are.

I admire the fashionable clothes in fashion magazines, but I won't wear them.

I don't really always follow trendy fashion, primarily because I am not exactly a very fashionable person.

I would say that maintaining fashion in my country is expensive these days because different kinds of brands are coming up with new fashion ideas and designs that are not cheap.

Young people are keen on fashion.

Hair.

I used to be a big fan of the short hair style which was compatible with my face shape.

I usually have my hair cut as well.

The cost of my haircut is quite high.

Ideas.

I suppose that children should be encouraged to form their own ideas when they start school.

Intelligent.

He is one of the smartest people I know.

Trait.

Some traits can make people stand out from the crowd, just like intelligence.

Voice.

By listening to my voice, I can easily check my pronunciation, fluency, and intonation.

I don't think there have been any significant changes in my voice.

I have never met two people with the same voice.

I often raise the tone and volume of my voice in order to place more emphasis on the message I am delivering.

I used to feel quite awkward when recording and listening to my own voice, but now,m I really enjoy it.

My parents' voices are much thicker than mine.

Voices vary from person to person and either will be different in pitch, volume, or tone.