Q: Describe a story or a novel that was particularly interesting to you. You should say: what the story/novel is? Where you come to know about it? What is it about? Why do you find it interesting? explain how you felt about it.

A: I am obsessed with reading, and I read anything I come across, especially things that are educational. I have read several novels before. However, I would like to talk about a novel I read recently that I found interesting. The name of the novel is Make hay while the sun shines. The novel was recommended and given to me by a friend. It was about a young man who worked so hard and finally became rich, but spent lavishly. He spends impulsively, and he buys things that are not useful to him. One day, he hung out with his friends, and when he returned home, he had an accident that claimed his hands. After he was discharged home from the hospital, all of his friends were nowhere to be found, and he had no money to spend again because he had not saved while he had enough. I found this interesting because of the message the writer passed about the importance of saving for rainy days. I felt so happy when I finished reading because of the lesson I learned from the novel.

Q: What kinds of stories do children like to learn?

A: Children learn from diverse stories. They mostly like to read animated stories, that is, stories about animals representing the characters. For example, the story of the tortoise and the rabbit.

Q: How often do people in your country read novels?

A: My country is big. Therefore, knowing the reading frequency of citizens is impossible. However, people often read historical novels.

Q: What kinds of novels do old people like to read?

A: Old people like to read historical novels because they like to learn from the past experiences of our heroes.

Q: Do boys and girls like the same kinds of books?

A: In my opinion, I don't think there is any relationship between gender and reading novels. Novel reading is based on individual preference and not sex-based.

Q: What kind of books do people like to read in your country?

A: Chinese people read different kinds of books. Some like to read prose, while others like drama.

Q: What are the benefits of listening to stories or reading novels?

A: There are several advantages of listening to or reading novels. Firstly, it widens the horizon. Also, it can influence our behavior, and finally, it helps us to learn from the mistakes of the character.

Q: Are you a good storyteller?

A: I am not a good storyteller, but I know someone who tells a good story, my father. His stories are always interesting.

Q: Do you prefer books or movies?

A: I prefer movies to books because of the audio-visual effect of films. Also, movies narrate a story interestingly compared to books.

Q: Do you think it is essential to read the book before watching the movie version of it?

A: I think it is better to watch the movie version before the book version of a story because the book usually gives a detailed narration, while the movie gives a summary. Once someone reads before watching, you will not enjoy the movie.