Q: How often do you watch television?

A: Well, to be honest, it's rarely the case that I would sit in front of the television for multiple hours and turn myself into a couch potato. I tend to get bored very easily with TV unless something interests me; otherwise, I just tune out and engage myself in my own business. And if I presume that there's something I need to know; instead of watching TV, it's more likely that I would turn to the web or simply crack a book.

Q: Do you often watch programs on the TV or on your cellphone?

A: I watch programs on my cellphone quite often, about every day for one or two hours. It's very convenient and useful to me.

Q: Do you enjoy the advertisements on television?

A: I love commercials, but certainly not all of them. Some commercials are funny and others are simply annoying with their repetitive programming! And I hate interrupting programs to play commercials, especially when I am glued to the TV at thrilling moments during football season. Sometimes there are more commercials than actual shows, and they can really suck up people's appetite for watching. In these cases, I'd either have to pass on using the computer or be driven crazy.

Q: Which television channel do you usually watch?

A: The first things that pop into my mind with regard to the topic of TV channels are a couple of sports ones, for example, CCTV5, CSPN, GDTV3, etc. You know, I recognize myself as a big fan of sports, and it comes out as one of my greatest entertainment and pastime resorts. They are exciting, thrilling, and inspiring and serve me as a good way to decompress from tedious work and daily chores.

Q: What kind of TV programs do you like?

A: I enjoy TV programs about news, especially foreign news reports because they can broaden my view.

Q: Do you like watching the same kind of program all the time?

A: Sometimes I watch the same show many times, because it may be a classic, for example, I have watched The Simpsons two or three times, but I still find it very interesting.

Q: Do you talk with your friends about the program you watched?

A: Of course, TV programs are one of the topics that my friends and I often talk about, because it can arouse the resonance between friends and make our relationship better.

Q: Do you think most programs on television are good?

A: I think I'll have to say no. There are some programs that are educational and informative, for example, some documentaries and news footage. But the truth is that most programs being broadcasted on television are business-oriented. The sole purpose of the program being made is to make money; for instance, some talent shows have crappy shows with crappy talents. And some programs are crammed with pornography and violence, which could be negative and misleading.


