Magazine.

There are magazines for different fields

Media.

Media like television and films are able to have great effects on people's behaviors by broadcasting attractive information.

The media have a lot of influence over young people.

What people have to admit is that media like TV and movies are really playing important roles in people's lives.

News.

Discussing news with my friends is a common activity.

I don't remember much about newspapers when I was a child.

I don't think there is a need for news censorship ever.

I typically access news through a combination of online news portals, social media, and news apps on my smartphone.

My friends primarily get their news from social media and news apps.

Staying news updated helps me make informed decisions and contributes to my overall awareness.

Newspaper.

I don't think anyone would buy a newspaper if there were nothing but black-and-white words on the cover of it.

I love the feel of newspapers, of having a newspaper in your hand.

I think along with books and magazines, people just won't need to buy real paper products like that.

I think newspapers are still important despite what many people say.

Social Media.

Many people use to post on social media about their personal life.

Social media platforms have seen various types of wrong information.

TV.

I am a person who is fed up with the same type of TV show.

I bought some products by seeing a TV advertisement which I have never used.

I enjoy TV programs about news, especially foreign news shows.

I have a TV in the living room on the wall.

I often watch TV programs in my room.

I prefer to watch it on TV, to be honest.

I think things like doing good deeds such as helping the old and protecting the animals should be emphasized more in TV programs.

I watch TV quite often, about every day for an hour or two.

Normally, When talking about TV programs, I would shut up if my friends were not interested in it.

The time allocated for kids to watch TV is a lot more than in the past.

TV shows have changed a lot, there is more curse language and more violence.

Watching sports games on TV is a better idea.