Basic Sentence.

I am a webaholic.

Internet dating hurts.

I like chatting online.

Chatting on the Internet brings me a lot of fun.

We can call internet addicts webaholics.

The sun sets in the west.

He looks unhappy.

Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.

The iron feels hot.

The jokes fell flat.

The weather continued fine for several days.

All the audience sat silent.

Beauty will buy no beef.

He showed the guard his passport.

He showed his passport to the guard.

I am going to buy a gift for her.

I'll bet you ten dollars.

They appointed John chairman.

I make John our chairman.

Studying English takes time.

He is not a teacher.

I do not like English.

He does not like English.

Is he a teacher?

Can he swim?

Does he like English?

Do you like English?

Who can sing in English?

Who did you see at the party last night?

What do you like?

What are you doing?

What would you like to do tomorrow?

When were you born?

Where does he live?

How does he go to school?

How old are you?

How often do you call your parents?

How many times a week do you go shopping?

Why do you often study at the library?

Which (one) do you want?

Whose car did you borrow last night?

Do you like tea or coffee?

I am going to look like a lemon, aren't I?

You have not completed that job, have you?

Stop bugging me!

What a lovely boy he is!

What foolish mistakes you have made!

What a day!

How lovely the boy is!

How lovely a boy he is!

How he snores!

What I am reading is interesting.

I believe what he said.

The book is what I want.

The mother must accept the fact that her baby is deaf.

English is difficult.

It is obvious that they don't understand English.

I think (that) you are right.

I think that a sound knowledge of grammar is indispensable to good writing.

My idea is that the child should be sent to school.

The rumor that Tom was a thief turned out to be untrue.

They spread the lie everywhere that Tom was guilty of theft.

Whether he comes or not makes no difference to me.

I don't know if he needs my help.

My concern is whether he comes or not.

They are faced with the problem whether they should continue to work.

I don't know whether or not he will come.

What he told you is true.

The mother will buy whichever books her son wants.

Money is what we are badly in need of.

I have no idea who he is.

I have no idea when he will return.

I'm talking about friends who you can share almost everything with.

Tina likes the present which I gave her for her birthday.

Tina likes the present that I gave her for her birthday.

It surprised us that John won the marathon.

There was no chance that Davy would come from the battle alive.

I hope that I can drive to work in my own car.

I don't know what I should do.

I don't like lazy people.

I don't like people who are lazy.

He who laughs last, laughs best.

He likes climbing mountains, which is a good exercise.

He said that he had no time, which isn't true.

He arrived an hour later, which annoyed his girlfriend very much.

He is not the same playboy as we knew.

As is known, the whale is not a fish but a mammal.

He married her,/which was natural.

She is not what she used to be.

She is not the girl that she used to be.

What money I have has been given to you.

All the money that I have has been given to you.

There is no man but errors.

I'll never forget the day when/(on which) i met you.

I'll never forget the day I met you.

Do you know any place where I can buy Clint's grammar book?

This is the town which I told you about before.

Cheating is most likely in situations where the vital interests are high and the chances of getting caught are low.

When you read books, you had better make a mark at the spot where you have any question.

When you read books, you had beter make a mark where you have any question.

This is the reason why i didn't come here.

The farmer used wood to build a house in which he could store grains.

The farmer used wood to build a house in which to store grains.

The farmer used wood to build a house to store grains in.

Do you know the boy who is playing the violin?

Do you know the boy playing the violin?

They live in a room that faces the south.

They live in a room facing the south.

He is the only one that understands me.

He is the only one to understand me.

Consequently, nothing seems good that does not accord with the interests of the people.

He ran all the way from the station, which I thought was incredible.

He is the only person that we know who speaks so many foreign languages.

I've brought my umbrella in case it rains.

When (he was) a student in the university, he read a lot.

While the teacher was lecturing to the class, I fell asleep.

Metals expand when (they are) heated and contract when (they are) cooled.

Since I came to Beijing, I have made many new friends.

Since coming to Beijing, I have made many new friends.

When he arrives.

I'll speak to him when he arrives.

The doorbell rang when I was telephoning.

Whenever you say "I love you", mean it. Whenever you say "I'm sorry", look the person right in the eyes.

I'll speak to him when he arrives.

I'll tell him about it when he comes back.

I'll give you a call when I have finished the work.

I'll go when I have had my dinner.

I started my dinner when he left/had left.

He left when i got/had got there.

I had started my dinner when he left.

He had already left when I got there.

The phone rang while I was taking my bath.

Wait until he comes back.

I did not realize how special my mother was until I became an adult.

Not until his boss came back did he leave the office.

We will leave as soon as it stops raining.

By the time they arrived, we had already left.

By the time they arrive, we will have already left.

Stay where you are.

Wherever he happens to be.

Where there is a will, there is a way.

I am leaving because I'm fed up with the job and the boss.

You shouldn't get angry just because some people speak ill of you.

Since Monday is Bob's birthday, let's throw him a party.

I left a message as you weren't there.

The days are short, for it is now December.

I turned off the TV so that my roommate could study in peace and quite.

The food is so bad in the school cafeteria that flies go there to lose weight.

He is such a good teacher that everyone likes him.

He is so good a teacher that everyone likes him.

I made so many mistakes that i failed the exam.

If it rains tomorrow, i will take my umbrella.

Though he tried hard, (yet/still) he failed.

In spite of his inexperience.

Despite the danger.

In spite of the bad weather.

While i sympathize with your point of view, i can not accept it.

Young as he is, he is knowledgeable.

The work is not as difficult as you think.

I didn't finish as large a part of the work as he did.

He is taller than i (am).

He has made greater contributions to the company than anyone else.

The more she practiced, the worse she sang.

When in rome, do as the romans do.

It takes time to study English well.

To solve this problem takes a genius like Einstein.

To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.

We hurried to the railway station, only to find the train had just left.

He is so indifference is such as to make everyone despair.

He is not old enough to go to school.

The box is too heavy for me to even move.

I'm just too eager to help you.

I am only too pleased to help you.

You would be stupid not to ask for a raise.

I hope to see you again.

I wonder who to invite.

They don't allow people to smoke in the theater.

I had no place to live in.

I dont't think he is the best man to do the job.

To begin with, on behalf of all your American guests, i wish to thank you for the incomparable hospitality.

I have a point there, to say the least.

To make a long story short, he is in hospital now.

I went to the post office to mail a letter.

He lived to be hundred years old.

John left his hometown ten years ago, never to return.

We hurried to the railway station, only to find the train had just left.

He is not old enough to go to school.

The box is too heavy for me to move.

I have a point there, to say the least.

It's important for you to go there in person.

It's wise of you not to argue with your boss.

I am glad to see you.

We plan to go to the sea this summer.

We are happy to have visited so many historic places in Beijing.

I meant to have telephoned, but i forgot.

She hopes to have finished the work by the time he comes back.

He pretended to be sleeping when she came in.

I'd rather read than watch television; the programs seem to be getting worse all the time.

He seems to have been sitting there all day.

He wants someone to take some photographs.

He wants some photographs to be taken.

I have three letters to write today.

I want the letters to be typed at once.

English is difficult to speak.

You should be to blame for it.

The house is to let.

The book is said to have been published.

The teacher has us write a composition every week.

Would you like to listen to me read the poem?

I can not but admire his courage.

Rather than wait anymore, I decided to go home by taxi.

I have nothing to do but wait.

Why pay to see that movie, since you can see it on TV for nothing.

Why not take a holiday?

I'd like to lie down and go to sleep.

He liked to half close his eyes.

He was surprised to learn how much he had spent.

She is interesting to listen to.

Many a boy and girl has made such a funny experiment.

There is more than one answer to this question.

More persons than one were killed.

A word or two is misused in the sentence.

Police in Guangdong province are investigating an organized cheating operation in dianbai county of the province during national college entrance exams.

The good in him overweighs the bad.

The blind are unfortunate.

The deceased was his mother.

Th edeceased were ten farmers.

Politics is often a popular topic among people.

Ten years is a moment in history.

The himalayas are the roof of the world.

The writer and translator is delivering apeech in our college tonight.

The horse, not the donkey, is used in games of racing.

Bread and butter is my favorite breakfast.